WATCH: Fox Anchor Chris Wallace Rips NRA Stooge A New One For Lying About Gun Control,"Chris Wallace tore this prick apart.It s only been a week since a gunman shot and killed 58 people and wounded nearly 500 in Las Vegas with a fully automatic assault weapon.On Sunday, National Rifle Association executive director Chris Cox appeared on Fox News Sunday and began by appearing to suggest that the NRA is only calling for regulating bump stocks because NRA members were shot at the concert. You know, because non-NRA members apparently don t matter.Anyway, Cox went on to once again say that we should not be discussing gun control after this latest mass shooting and that we should wait in the name of  common decency. Host Chris Wallace had a problem with that. You say common decency, let s wait, what s enough time?  Wallace asked.  I mean, here were 58 people killed, almost 500 injured. Is it common decency to wait a day, two days, a week, a month. I mean, it is understandable   I know you don t agree with their solution but what s wrong with saying we need to address this? Of course, rather than answer the question, Cox turned the discussion into an attack on Hillary Clinton and other Democrats, all while whining about them have armed guards. Is that a sensible way to have this conversation, to try to turn it into class warfare, where if you re for gun control somehow you re part of an elite?  Wallace responded.Indeed, after the numerous death threats directed at her during the 2016 campaign, including one by Trump in which he called for  Second Amendment people  to do something if she had won, it s understandable why Hillary Clinton would want security. It s not class warfare,  Cox replied.  It s what the American people want. And that s when Wallace buried him. That s not actually true. If you talk about background checks, if you talk about automatic weapons   there are a lot of people, in fact a majority of people according to the polls who would like to see those gun controls. I have to say that I m put off at the argument, if you believe in gun control, you re an elite. I have to tell you, Mr. Cox, I know very few people  who have armed body guards. One of the few people I know who has armed body guards is Wayne LaPierre. We can argue about the merits of it. But I think to dismiss people and say,  Well, that s just the elite and they have armed guards,  it seems to me does a disservice to your argument. Here s the video via YouTube.A CBS poll last year found that 57 percent of Americans support an assault weapons ban.And polls consistently show that 80 percent to 90 percent of Americans, including 74 percent of NRA members, want background checks for all gun sales.So, Cox was clearly lying and Wallace rightfully called him out for it.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"October 8, 2017"
 Outgoing GOP Senator BLISTERS The ‘Adult Daycare Center’ That Is Trump’s White House (TWEET),"Senator Bob Corker (R-TN) has had enough of the chaos in Donald Trump s White House. He is so fed up, in fact, that he is choosing to retire rather than run for another term. Therefore, there is no political cost to pay for criticizing Trump, and boy is he taking advantage. First, Senator Corker called Trump unstable after the disastrous response to the white supremacist violence in Charlottesville. Then, he said that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense General James Mattis, and White House Chief of Staff General John Kelly are the only people standing between the United States of America and complete chaos. Now, Corker is going all in on Trump s childish Twitter habits. On Sunday morning, in response to more Twitter vomit from Trump, Corker tweeted:It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning.  Senator Bob Corker (@SenBobCorker) October 8, 2017BOOM! Corker is clearly completely unleashed here and out of f*cks to give when it comes to Trump s unseemly and disgraceful behavior from the highest office in the land. This is important though, for another reason: The fact that likely his comrades in the Republican Party on Capitol Hill are feeling the same way, and simply can t say it for fear of alienating Trump s base and losing their Congressional majority. However, since Corker is leaving, he clearly doesn t care about any of that. This opens a door, though   the one that allows GOP lawmakers to say what they REALLY think of Trump. If the guy who was second in line to become Secretary of State is saying this about Trump, what is everyone else saying behind closed doors? Now that Corker has opened the door for them to go public, all they need to do is walk through it.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"October 8, 2017"
 One Of Trump’s ‘Very Fine People’ Extradited To Charlottesville After Brutal Assault,"Dennis Lloyd Mothersbaugh, 37, has a long and violent criminal record and was charged at least twice before with threatening African-American men before he was arrested in late September and now, he s being extradited to Charlottesville after Internet sleuths found out his identity when he was seen on video brutally punching a woman in the face during a protest. Writer and activist Shaun King sounded the alarm, then the Internet went to work to ID the vicious racist. Lifelong white supremacist/Neo-Nazi, Dennis Mothersbaugh, being extradited to Charlottesville,  King tweeted.  Wearing his God, Guns, & TRUMP shirt. Lifelong white supremacist/Neo-Nazi, Dennis Mothersbaugh, being extradited to Charlottesville.Wearing his God, Guns, & TRUMP shirt. pic.twitter.com/eQlj4cg2Xf  Shaun King (@ShaunKing) October 6, 2017Mothersbaugh has a lengthy record.He's a gem. pic.twitter.com/6RqfrZgXqo  Wes Criswell (@CriswellWJ) October 7, 2017But wait there's more pic.twitter.com/2BpUjqXTM1  Wes Criswell (@CriswellWJ) October 7, 2017Here s a video clip of the Nazi punching a man in the face, then brutally assaulting a woman.ALL HANDS ON DECK!Who is this man? Slayer T-Shirt. White supremacist.Brutally assaulted 2 non-violent protestors in Charlottesville. pic.twitter.com/sZ29EPO0X0  Shaun King (@ShaunKing) September 12, 2017Mothersbaugh was arrested in Jennings County, Indiana, and charged with assault and battery after he participated in the Aug. 12  Unite the Right  hate rally. A lot of Nazis were identified following the violent protest in which Heather Heyer was murdered and left 19 others injured after another one of Trump s  very fine people  used his car as a weapon to mow down anti-racist protesters.Trump has repeatedly blamed  both sides  for the attack. Democrats and Republicans both condemned Trump s remarks.Last night, there was another torch rally in Charlottesville featuring human punching bag Richard Spencer. Videos and pictures are being circulated on social media. Although only about 30 Nazis showed up to intimidate the city again, they might suffer consequences for their actions, if identified. It s 2017, and we re witnessing Nazis storming down our streets and obviously, these Trump supporters aren t nice-time Nazis who use Hello Kitty computers.Like, for example, James Alex Fields, the 20-year-old Ohio man who was arrested on the day of the rally and charged with second-degree murder, among other counts, after driving a car into the crowd of anti-racists, killing Ms. Heyer. But Trump won t call it  terrorism  because they are his  very fine people. Mothersbaugh needs a new t-shirt which reads,  God, Guns, Trump, Prison. Image via Twitter. ",News,"October 8, 2017"
 Nazis Whine Over Impending Release Of An Anti-Nazi Video Game (VIDEO/TWEETS),"With the rise of Donald Trump has also come the rise of literal Nazism in America. When the streets of an American street look more like 1930s Germany as they did in Charlottesville, Virginia just weeks ago with murder as the end result, it is time for people to use whatever platforms they have to speak out against Nazism. That is just what is being done by the makers of the video game Wolfenstein II. The company will be releasing a new game on October 27, and it is all about killing Nazis. In a tweet, including a short video, the company made it clear: No Nazis in America. Here is that tweet:Make America Nazi-Free Again. #NoMoreNazis #Wolf2 pic.twitter.com/52OESypw4P  Wolfenstein (@wolfenstein) October 5, 2017Of course, being the idiots that they are, the actual Nazis on Twitter just could not contain themselves, and they lashed out in a rage against the makers of Wolfenstein. Here are just a few of their whiny, insane tweets:imagine seeing the words ""no more nazis"" and reacting like this pic.twitter.com/5L9b8CPm3s  Vylash #TeamKICK (@MiraVylash) October 6, 2017The amount of people legitimately upset by the new Wolfenstein trailer is equal parts sad and hilarious pic.twitter.com/icrl0CfiyO  88 Fingers (@YungShaxx) October 6, 2017Yeah well I wasn't about to play a game about endlessly killing white people anyway. GTA San Andreas is more my speed.  G tz (@Gotz_Iron_Hand) October 6, 2017So, there you have it. Apparently, it is now debatable in America as to whether a video game going after Nazis should be played, because we have literal Nazis right in the middle of our mainstream political culture. This is what happens when you elect a literal fascist as president folks. Thank all of the people who were stupid enough to fall for this con man when we descend further into something so unimaginably dire at the hands of Donald Trump and his white supremacist government and mouthbreathing followers.One would like to believe that good will triumph in the end, but who really knows at this point?Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",News,"October 8, 2017"
 A New Low: Trump Exploits Las Vegas Shooting To Raise Money For His Campaign (TWEET),"Donald Trump doesn t exactly hide the fact that he s a sociopath. Just looking at the most recent events this country has faced, we ve witnessed the President of the United States turn his back on human suffering and be completely indifferent to those in need. As we saw with the hurricane that ravaged Puerto Rico and the Las Vegas massacre, Trump is constantly missing in action and spending more time on Twitter than actually doing his job. That s why the latest move by Trump and his campaign shouldn t surprise anyone, even though it s downright heartless.On Saturday, Trump s campaign sent out a fundraising email that was so disgusting, it immediately drew attention on Twitter. In the email, Trump exploited the mass shooting in Las Vegas to raise funds for his pathetic re-election campaign. In the Trump-Pence Weekly Newsletter, the Trump campaign spoke to potential donors and supporters of Trump, mentioning Trump s recent visit to Las Vegas. The emails said: Our nation is still in shock and mourning following the massacre of 58 concertgoers and hundreds of others injured in Las Vegas. Then, the email states that Trump and First Lady Melania had spoken to victims and given credit to first responders. We know that your sorrow feels endless. We stand together to help you carry your pain. You can catch a glimpse of the horrific email below:Unreal: the Trump campaign just sent an email using the Las Vegas shooting to fundraise for the campaign. pic.twitter.com/MWYu0Sa3VF  Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) October 7, 2017Trump has been doing fundraiser after fundraiser in preparation for his re-election campaign, which is somewhat hilarious considering that his approval rating just hit a new historic low. One thing is for sure, though   if Trump wants to appeal to the American people, he might want to stop exploiting tragedies for his personal gain.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",News,"October 8, 2017"
 ‘Charlottesville 3.0’: Nazis Descend Upon College Town For Another Torch-Lit Rally (TWEETS/IMAGES),"We all remember the horrific violence that occurred in Charlottesville, Virginia in August. White supremacists, Ku Klux Klan members, and other assorted white supremacists descended upon the historic college town to do violence, and they succeeded. Their efforts began with a torch lit march the night before, and continued with a rally the next day that quickly turned violent. It eventually ended in a white supremacist driving his car into a crowd of counter-protesters and killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. Now, it seems that they are at it again.As of this writing, white nationalists are holding another torch lit march in Charlottesville. As despicable as that is, it s true. White supremacist leader Richard Spencer boasted that what he calls  Charlottesville 3.0  was, quote, a  success. Charlottesville 3.0 was as success. pic.twitter.com/c18ktP0MWD  Richard  ?Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) October 8, 2017Here is a photo of the horror unfolding there, courtesy of the anti-fascist website It s Going Down s Twitter:Neo-Nazis have rallied with torches again in #Charlottesville. At emancipation square. pic.twitter.com/h4EXXQsK4h  It's Going Down (@IGD_News) October 8, 2017This is the face of fascism in America, folks. This is what it has come to. Likely, they have another afternoon rally planned for tomorrow, if they were able to get a permit for the torch lit march. Further, there is likely to be more violence as well. That is what they want. Hopefully, no one gets killed this time.This story is breaking. Stay tuned to Addicting Info for further updates.Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",News,"October 8, 2017"
 Conservative Dream Come True: Judge Grants Rapist Joint Custody Of Victim’s Child,"If Republicans have their way, rape victims will continue to be terrorized by their rapists.The victim was only 12 years old when Christopher Mirasolo raped her and impregnated her. Despite also threatening her life, Mirasolo only spent six months in prison, only to spend four more years in prison for sexually assaulting a 13-year-old girl.That being said, Mirasolo should NOT be allowed anywhere near a child and should still be rotting in prison.But a Michigan judge has decided that Mirasolo should have joint custody of the child his victim gave birth to eight years ago.According to The Detroit News, county officials surveyed the victim s use of food stamps, aid she relies on to take care of her eight-year-old son.For some reason, the county connected her to Mirasolo and a DNA test was taken. It appears the county was searching for a reason to kick her and her son off the food stamp program so they did all of this without her consent.Well, despite the fact that Mirasolo is the victim s rapist, Sanilac County Circuit Judge Gregory S. Ross gave him joint custody of child, ordered the victim to move back to Michigan, and gave her address to Mirasolo.In other words, Judge Ross just put a woman s life in danger and endangered a child.And by giving Mirasolo joint custody, he is allowing a rapist to continue terrorizing his victim. I think this is all crazy,  the victim told The Detroit News.  They never explained anything to me. I was receiving about $260 a month in food stamps for me and my son and health insurance for him. I guess they were trying to see how to get some of the money back. Her attorney is also rightfully pissed off.This is insane,  attorney Rebecca Kiessling said.  Nothing has been right about this since it was originally investigated. He was never properly charged and should still be sitting behind bars somewhere, but the system is victimizing my client, who was a child herself when this all happened. And the same scenario could play out across the nation if Republicans have their way. House Republicans recently passed a bill banning abortion after 20 weeks and you can be damn sure they will keep trying to ban abortion entirely, with zero exceptions for rape victims. That means rapists will be able to seek joint custody in order to make their victim s lives a living hell. Imagine having to interact with the person who raped you and having to hand your child over to them.It s a terrifying scenario that no rape victim should have to face. Conservatives are constantly telling us that rape victims should carry these pregnancies to term because the baby isn t to blame. But as long as rapists are able to pursue custody and terrorize their victims for the rest of their lives, women should never lose the right to choose. Because no one should be forced to live their life in terror and fear.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"October 7, 2017"
" Trump Whines About Late Night Hosts Making Jokes About Him, Accuses Them Of Conspiring With Democrats","Donald Trump put on his tin-foil hat and raged at Late Night television hosts on Saturday morning.Late Night television shows have seen a resurgence this year, especially The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, which has gotten more popular since Trump took office.Of course, after all the bullshit Trump has said and done over the last nine months, comedians have enough material to keep them busy for years to come.But Trump is now whining about being the main joke on Late Night, and he even threw a temper tantrum accusing them of conspiring with the Democrats.Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very  unfunny  & repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2017More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2017Seriously, Trump literally complained that Democrats aren t being mocked equally.The problem is that Trump has been nothing but a giant punchline.He has embarrassed himself and America and everything he says and does is a joke. America has become an international laughingstock.There s also this thing called the First Amendment. You know, that constitutional right giving comedians the ability to joke about anything they damn well please.In other words, Trump cannot force comedians to stop making fun of him.You never heard President Obama whine about being joked about on Late Night comedy shows. But President Obama is an adult who is able to take a joke, while Trump is thin-skinned and petty.As for  equal time,  Republicans usually dominate the Sunday news cycle and Fox News is clearly not  fair and balanced.  You never hear Trump complain about Fox & Friends kissing his ass all the time.Furthermore, shouldn t Trump be focused on running the country instead of staying up late to watch television?Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",News,"October 7, 2017"
" Trump Bucks GOP Leadership Again, Runs Back Into The Arms Of Chuck And Nancy","Donald Trump blindsided GOP leadership a couple of weeks ago when he struck a deal with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi with regards the Deferred Action For Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Now, Trump seems to, again, be running to his new friends  Chuck and Nancy  as he calls them   this time on healthcare.In an early morning tweet on Saturday, Trump said that he had spoken with Senator Schumer regarding some kind of healthcare deal.I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2017Now, for the longest time, Trump has been in an uneasy relationship with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI). They tolerated him during the campaign because their mouthbreathing voters decided that an unqualified orange fascist would be a better nominee and president than any of the actually qualified people in the GOP primary, and certainly better than any Democrat. Therefore, the GOP leadership had no choice but to watch helplessly as the party of Reagan became the party of Trump. Now, it seems that they have lost control of the Frankenstein monster they got elected president, and it seems that their efforts were all for naught.Trump will be in the Oval Office schmoozing with Chuck and Nancy while McConnell and Ryan are stuck out in the cold, looking helplessly as this man once again makes fools of them.Well, when you make a deal with the devil, you get burned, and Chuck and Nancy are smart enough to con the con man, and it just might save healthcare for millions of Americans.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"October 7, 2017"
 Internet Collectively Cringes After Photographer Snaps Pic Of Trump’s Nutsack,"You know how we all joke about Donald Trump s tiny hands because it s a safe way to avoid having to talk about his penis and/or testicles while still cracking wise about his penis and/or testicles? Well, now we have to talk about those after a photographer managed to catch a perfect shot of The Donald s probably gold-plated moose knuckle.Little Green Footballs  Charles Johnson posted a photo that includes both Trump s tiny, tiny hands and his gross old man balls, which are drooping even lower than his approval ratings in the photo:Are you horrified? So is the rest of the internet.In the name of all that is holy, why didn t you pixelate the lower half of that pic?!  ? Kilohana (@KilohanaKona) October 7, 2017Thank god someone else saw that besides me. I can never unsee that  LZwirn (@lzwirn) October 7, 2017Sorry. I opened up the picture and it was his camel toe that caught my eye. I have to go now will be poking my eyes out. Thx  Susie (@lali_susie) October 7, 2017I believe the gender appropriate term is  moose knuckle .  Petefied (@FiedlerPete) October 7, 2017His depends are bunched up.  ?? (@csbarbourv) October 7, 2017My eyesssss!!!!!!!!!!! ???  JBerk (@JoeDaltn) October 7, 2017And racists think this fool is the epitome of the master race?  Deeps (@dlreddy14051) October 7, 2017I haven t seen a camel toe on a man since Chris Christie s god-awful baseball uniform picture.  Christie (@Christie1337) October 7, 2017Ewww! Ewwww! Ewwwww!  Angry gram (@angry_gram) October 7, 2017At this point, Trump doesn t need to worry about any jokes about his tiny, tiny hands at all. This picture exists.Featured image is a screenshot",News,"October 7, 2017"
 WATCH: Mike Pence’s Photo Op With Puerto Rico Survivors Just Went TERRIBLY Wrong (VIDEO),"Proving that Donald Trump and his administration is the most clueless, out of touch team to  lead  America, Vice President Mike Pence just had a really awkward run-in with one of the survivors of Hurricane Maria.As Puerto Rico is absolutely ravaged from the recent hurricane, Trump has decided to turn his back on U.S. citizens and instead focus on attacking NFL players and the media. Meanwhile, his team is trying to do damage control to pick up the slack, and sent Pence to Puerto Rico to assure survivors that everything would be okay. Unfortunately, that plan backfired tremendously.Everlinda Burgos, a survivor of Hurricane Maria from central Puerto Rico, ruined Pence s photo op by holding the Trump administration accountable and pointing out that they weren t doing nearly enough. As cameras rolled, Burgos put Pence on the spot and said: Don t go to San Juan. Go inside the country, like where I live. I live in Naranjito, that s inside the country. Right now, inside the country is where you re going to see the disaster. Where you can t   there s towns you can t go in. Burgos also nailed Pence s boss by bringing up Trump s disgusting, insensitive comment that Puerto Rico officials should be  very proud  that only sixteen people had died. Burgos said: You don t know the people that has died there because they don t know, they don t have no communication. You know? So, right now they say 18 people died. No, no, no. We have more people died. But we don t have no communication. So, go in. And things got even worse for Pence. Off-camera, a woman jumped in to correct Burgos and said the most current death toll stated thirty-four. Burgos added: Thirty-four today. Right now, that s what they say outside. Pence didn t know what the hell to say, so he muttered  Good to talk.  But Burgos wasn t done with him. She said: I would like you to go to the center. Because that s where the disaster is. Pence made a half-ass agreement and then asked,  You ll be fine, your son, your family, and then you ll be able to go home, right?  Clearly, he was still clueless of how bad the situation was, and likely had no intention of going through with his promise.You can watch his awkward exchange with Burgos below:The people of Puerto Rico deserve better.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",News,"October 6, 2017"
" SURPRISE: The People Behind ‘Fearless Girl’ Statue Were Cynical, Greedy, Anti-Feminist Men","There were a lot of arguments online after the  Fearless Girl  statue was erected in front of the Wall Street Bull. Many people thought it was a perfect representation of standing up to the male-dominated culture of the financial industry, while others felt like it was just another commercial effort to cash in on the popularity of public companies suddenly growing a conscience and adopting policies that appease  social justice warriors  (also known as decent human beings).Unfortunately, one of those arguments has been proven right.According to the New York Post, the firm behind the statue that went up ostensibly to  promote gender equality,  State Street Corp, was caught underpaying 300 female employees, along with 15 more who were black.After the company was audited by the Department of Labor s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, they promised they would come up with the money, but in the meantime, it just looks bad. The company settled for $5 million, an astounding amount, considering the relatively small number of affected employees.How far will this faux-minism set women back? None. Real feminists don t require icons or court confirmation of oppression.Twitter was similarly unimpressed:Modern feminism sometimes suffers from a lack of explicit examples of sexism. Not today:Harvey WeinsteinFearless Girlbirth control  Lauren Duca (@laurenduca) October 6, 2017Reminder that the only thing ""Fearless Girl"" represents are the corporate interests of State Street Corp, a multi billion dollar firm https://t.co/ADeiehQacB  TJ Welch (@tjwelchofficial) October 6, 2017The fact that @StateStreet who made the  Fearless Girl  statue is being sued for pay discrimination is so ironic it s hard to believe  Bud Fox (@bbardi14) October 6, 2017It seems systematic abuse of women can be overlooked so long as you posture an enlightened liberal feminist. https://t.co/aRuSJZwukG  Noah Rothman (@NoahCRothman) October 6, 2017Unfortunately, the garbage people who lurk around Twitter specifically to harangue feminists and  social justice warriors  (also known as decent human beings) went crazy with the news, painting all feminism with the same broad strokes that can now be applied to this multi-billion-dollar company. Noted misogynist and all-around piece of shit James Woods chimed in, of course, although to pick up his subtle dig at feminism requires reading the replies to his tweet   which he was fishing for. A full complement of alt-right Trump trolls joined the party, and anti-feminists everywhere saw the hypocrisy and cynicism of this one company as emblematic of the whole:The Fearless Girl statue is utterly moronic, but it exemplifies the feminist movement. A petulant child standing in the way of the market.  Ian Miles Cheong (@stillgray) October 6, 2017Yet another example of the culture that brought you Donald Trump and the brazen theft of women s labor by corporate oligarchs.Feminism will be just fine without  Fearless Girl,  and the company that made her would be nothing without women.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"October 6, 2017"
 Trump Kicks Off Hispanic Heritage Month By Saying ‘Puerto Rico’ In Fake Accent (VIDEO),"Donald Trump kicked off Hispanic Heritage Month on Friday during an event at the White House. He did this after his thoroughly embarrassing tour of hurricane-devastated Puerto Rico in which he lobbed rolls of paper towels at victims of the hurricane and that was after he blamed the island for the natural disaster. Puerto Ricans are very proud people, but Trump tried to diminish them.Trump spoke on different topics during his speech, from the economy to the Las Vegas massacre, then he addressed Puerto Rico which is now in crisis after Hurricanes Maria and Irma devasted the U.S. territory. We are also praying for the people of Puerto Rico,  Trump said while using an exaggerated Spanish accent. We love Puerrrrtoooo Ricooo,  he continued, again with the accent.  Puerto Rico,  he said again.At that point, a woman yelled out,   We love you!  and Trump then said  and we also love Puerto Rico,  but this time, the fake president dropped his fake accent.Watch:Trump says Puerto Rico in an affected Spanish accent three times in a row. (via CBS) pic.twitter.com/FopaVNLqAY  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) October 6, 2017Sure, the audience laughed because haha, we re used to this  president  offending every single group of Americans across the board. Perhaps a better way of honoring Puerto Ricans would be to not try to cover up his own misdeeds in handling the humanitarian crisis. On Oct. 4th, half of the residents in Puerto Rico had access to clean water and 5 percent of the island had electricity, according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency website. However, by Oct. 5th, FEMA had removed statistics on Puerto Rico s water and power supply from its website, so now we have no idea of what the island is dealing with and what they need to survive. The only thing FEMA left on its site was good news; not the real news which is very bleak.Information on water access and electricity on the island is available only on a website maintained by the office of Gov. Rossell , StatusPR. According to the website, 9.2 percent of the island has power and 54.2 percent of people have some form of drinking water.But Trump says he  loves  Puerto Ricans as he mocks their accent.Image via screen capture. ",News,"October 6, 2017"
" WH Staffer Explains Trump’s ‘Calm Before The Storm’ Comment, Proves He Shouldn’t Be POTUS (VIDEO)","By now, most of us   even conservatives   know that Donald Trump has no business being in the White House or running the country. Unfortunately for Trump, even the words of his own White House staffers can be used as evidence that he needs to be removed from office for his irresponsible behavior.According to Axios.com, an anonymous White House staffer stated that Trump s terrifying  calm before the storm  comment during a White House photo shoot didn t mean anything   Trump was just  trolling  the media.In an interview with MSNBC s Stephanie Ruhle this morning, Axios political reporter Jonathan Swan said: I think there s a high degree of probability that he s trolling everyone. Apparently, this anonymous White House source had told Swan Don t you get it? He s trolling all of you. America should be able to trust its president, but that s clearly not the case with Trump. Swan pointed this out that Trump was extremely irresponsible to play around like this. Swan noted that when surrounded by military leaders, to  troll  about something like that could have serious consequences.  Swan commented on Trump s  madman kind of approach  and said: But this is what he does with national security. Obviously, there are risks to that kind of conduct. You can watch the interview below:.@jonathanvswan on Trump s  calm before the storm  comment:  I think there s a high degree of probability that he s trolling everyone.  pic.twitter.com/PTr7Vh0YXB  Axios (@axios) October 6, 2017Trump s behavior is reckless and dangerous. He makes comments and spews nonsense without even thinking about the consequences and how he might be hurting the country. A president should not be  trolling  anyone   he should be working hard to lead the country and take care of the critical issues that the American people are facing. Unfortunately, that is hardly the case with this imposter.Featured image via Drew Angerer  / Getty Images",News,"October 6, 2017"
 Thanks To Trump The U.S. Economy Lost Jobs For The First Time In 7 Years,"After taking office, Donald Trump has repeatedly taken credit for President Obama s economy and regularly touts jobs numbers on his Twitter timeline. Now that Trump s economy is in effect, we doubt he ll be tweeting about the labor market losing 33,000 jobs last month.While some of this can be attributed to natural disasters, Trump has also failed to pass any major legislation.Job growth in August and July was revised down, to 38,000 less than previously reported. Economists expected 75,000 new jobs instead of a 33,000 job loss.The economy has added an average of 172,000 jobs a month over the past year but that has dropped to a 91,000 average over the past three months, showing a trend which is not in Trump s favor.Axios reports:Economists widely blame the disruptive effects of Hurricanes Irma and Harvey for the disappointing number, because the survey methodology dictates that folks who didn t get paid on the pay period that included September 12th are not counted as employed.But the report also revised down the two previous monthly estimates of job growth, suggested the slowdown is not all weather related.After Obama took office, he had quite a task on his hands in dealing with the cost of his predecessor s wars, but he did it. Obama s economy took an upward swing, even after natural disasters such as Hurricane Sandy and the floods which ravaged Louisiana. Throughout his campaign, Trump called Obama s economy  a disaster  but compared to other presidents, that was far from the truth.Fact: Obama took office during the worst recession since the Great Depression when the economy was losing 750,000 jobs a month and already had lost a record 9 percent of GDP. Obama started with a weak economy due to his predecessor s decisions but his final jobs report showed 75 consecutive months of growth.The unemployment rate, however, just fell to 4.2 percent, and we re sure Trump will bring that up. Let s see how long that lasts because the former reality show star is now making war noises toward North Korea. Also, if Trump manages to get the GOP tax proposal in the works, we ll see more reports like this one.But for a guy whose  presidency  has been based on undoing everything Obama has done, he sure did a good job of that with the first loss of jobs reported in 7 years.Photo: Alex Wong via Getty Images. ",News,"October 6, 2017"
" SLC Cops Murder Crying Suspect, Shoot Him In The Back AND Taser Him Without Even Pursuing","On Sunday, August 13th, Salt Lake City Police seemed to have a routine bicycle stop under control. Patrick Harmon, a 50-year-old black man who was pulled over on his bike for riding without a working taillight at night, was standing on the side of the road with officers complying with their requests. Officer Clinton Fox asked Harmon if he knew about his warrants, which Harmon answered in the affirmative. Harmon was in tears throughout the encounter.Then, as Harmon finished removing his backpack as Officer Fox requested, he decided he was too scared of jail to stay. He got loose of the straps of his pack and ran.Did Clinton Fox, fellow human being, decide to run after Patrick Harmon? Not on your life. Or more precisely, not on Patrick s. One assumes that Fox, being a police officer, was in far superior shape to the middle-aged man smoking a cigarette only moments before, but rather than expend the energy it would ve required to run his suspect down on foot   like police do every damn day   he instead chose to draw his service weapon and fire three shots into Harmon s back as he ran. His finger was already pulling the trigger the first time by the moment he shouted  I m gonna fuckin  shoot you! Harmon s sobbing can be heard as he lies prone on the sidewalk. The light of another officer s taser, which had been at the ready well before Officer Fox shot Harmon in the back, circles around Patrick s heaving body. I got  im,  says Officer Fox.The DA would later say that the shooting was  legally justified,  before the body camera footage you re about to see was released. The police report would alternately first say that Harmon was on foot, then on a bike. It would say that he had a gun, then it was changed to a knife. His rap sheet was public long before the footage.Patrick s sister Antoinette drove 1,300 miles to join the rally held by Black Lives Matter organizer Lex Scott to demand the release of the body cam video. Ms. Scott has held many such rallies. This is about accountability and transparency. This is about Patrick Harmon s family deserving to see that footage. If [SLCPD] did nothing wrong, wouldn t they have released the footage by now? Now the footage has been released, and it is damning.Will Officer Fox face consequences for the apparent murder of Patrick Harmon? The shooting, by any metric, is certainly not justified. Will the DA withdraw their statements? Will the SLCPD form a tight ring around their comrade, squeezing out truth and transparency?Let s hope this incident breaks the pattern and there is accountability.THE FOLLOWING FOOTAGE IS GRAPHIC AND SHOWS THE SHOOTING OF PATRICK HARMONFeatured image via George Frey/Getty Images",News,"October 5, 2017"
 Anti-Abortion Republican Just Aborted Himself From Office,"U.S. Rep. Tim Murphy, a staunch  pro-life  Republican representing Pennsylvania s 18th District, has resigned after being caught in a scandal which involves adultery and encouraging his mistress to get an abortion. After Rep. Tim Murphy (R-Pa.) was caught being a hypocrite of the highest order, he announced his resignation on Thursday after announcing his plan to retire after 2018. This afternoon I received a letter of resignation from Congressman Tim Murphy, effective October 21,  Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement.  It was Dr. Murphy s decision to move on to the next chapter of his life, and I support it. Well, it wasn t exactly Murphy s decision really.House GOP leaders and senior Republicans pressured Murphy to step down, according to Politico.GOP sources familiar with Murphy s thinking said the married man initially believed he could weather the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette story revealing he had encouraged an abortion in texts he sent to his girlfriend, a psychologist half his age.However, in contrast to what Murphy thought, many senior Republicans did not believe he could weather the scandal  or should   until the end of his term.Several top Republicans said that Paul Ryan, who met with Murphy on Wednesday evening to discuss his future, also wanted him to step down.So really, anti-abortion Republicans aborted him from office because he was caught. GOP insiders also worried that more damaging stories could surface. And stories, in fact, were surfacing with allegations of being abusive toward his staff for years by yelling at aides and throwing folders around. Murphy reportedly berated his staff members as  worthless  and  stupid.  Murphy s chief of staff Susan Mosychuk reportedly punished staffers by making them take the stairs instead of the elevator if she thought they underperformed.Republicans didn t request his resignation because he was such a hypocritical jerkwad:Republicans believed the matter could become an ethics issue that would trigger an investigation and distract from GOP messaging. With Murphy set to resign later this month, any ethics probes would die before even getting started.One of the texts the Gazette obtained was by Shannon Edwards, a married forensic psychologist half his age with whom he was having an affair. And you have zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week when we thought that was one of the options,  wrote Edwards. Mrs. Edwards is now going through a divorce following the affair.Photo via Wikipedia. ",News,"October 5, 2017"
 The Justice Department Just Said It’s Legal To Discriminate Against Transgender People,"In the Trump administration s ongoing war on the LGBTQ+ community, the president has no greater champion than one Jefferson Beauregard Sessions, the head of the Justice Department. The Attorney General has a long history of animosity toward anyone outside his own tiny window of experience, including women, non-English speakers,  colored  folk, and especially those he has casually referred to as  ho-mo-SEK-shals  in court briefings (assuming he types in his own accent).Back in July, Sessions attempted to argue, in the same vein as the unsuccessful attempt in Loving v. Virginia to maintain a ban on interracial marriage, that discrimination against gays and lesbians was constitutionally protected because it applied equally to men and women.Now Sessions has narrowed his focus to the  T  part of his least favorite acronym: Transgender people. Early Thursday, the DOJ issued a memo stating their official position that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 does not protect transgender workers from discrimination for the same reason: Because employers wouldn t be discriminating based on gender, since transgender people of any biological gender could be equally discriminated against.Through spokesman Devin O Malley, Trump s Justice Department issued a statement on the reason for the reversal of an Obama-era memo which stated Title VII does apply, saying that the government can t expand the meaning of a law beyond what Congress intended when it was passed: Unfortunately, the last administration abandoned that fundamental principle, which necessitated today s action. You catch that? Necessitated. As in, we had to correct this, lest some weirdo think we might protect them when we don t want to. Sessions and the DOJ felt it was necessary to clarify that transgender workers don t have the same civil rights as everyone else, because you know, they ve got nothing better to do. They re certainly not focusing on the growing Nazi movement in America.I wish I could say that I was confident the courts would strike this asinine decision down, but I m just not. It s hard to have faith in a Justice system that continues to protect white supremacists, gun fanatics, religious extremists, and anti-choice activists  All as they throw the most vulnerable among us to the wolves.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",News,"October 5, 2017"
" The Senate Banking Committee Held An Equifax Hearing, And The Monopoly Man Showed Up","Remember when half of America had their credit information compromised during the Equifax data breach? Over 143 million people were affected by the largest banking hack ever recorded. People s Social Security numbers, names, addresses, birth dates, and even driver s license numbers in some cases were accessed by the hackers. They even got more than two hundred thousand actual credit card numbers.The CEO is now the former CEO, although it remains to be seen whether he ll get a giant  golden parachute  severance package. Especially after testifying Wednesday that the whole mess was pretty much one guy s fault   which is either laughably ridiculous or absolutely terrifying   and effectively passing the buck on responsibility for the worst security failure the banking industry has ever seen.But when disgraced former Equifax chief Richard Smith appeared in front of the Senate Banking Committee to finally answer questions regarding why the company didn t address the vulnerability months ago when they were first made aware of it, there was a spectator in the room who was clearly concerned about the findings of the committee as well: Rich Uncle Pennybags, better known as the Monopoly Man.He s ruined family relationships since 1936. He s sold false hope inside tiny stamps to McDonald s customers since 1987. And now Uncle Pennybags is trolling Richard Smith and the Senate Banking Committee.How anyone kept a straight face when they saw this in the room is totally beyond me:A tip of the hat to the Monopoly Man!You good sir took a chance and it paid off during the Equifax hearings.Now go collect $200 pic.twitter.com/kR8m2qID8U  Red T Raccoon (@RedTRaccoon) October 4, 2017Imagine Elizabeth Warren looking that character in the eye and not just cracking up.The best part? That s not even a guy. According to CNBC:The protester was Amanda Werner of Americans for Financial Reform and Public Citizen, who also handed out Monopoly-style  Get out of jail free  cards.The internet absolutely loved Werner s impression:How about Monopoly Man showing up for the Equifax hearings pic.twitter.com/pocgvR8ZIW  Kmarko (@Kmarkobarstool) October 4, 2017The Monopoly Man is still at it, almost two hours into the Equifax hearing pic.twitter.com/rRBdBxW7qv  Haley Byrd (@byrdinator) October 4, 2017It was appropriate to add the #CurbYourEnthusiasm theme song to the Monopoly Man at today's @BankingGOP hearing. pic.twitter.com/VWtxOVUnBS  ClotureClub.com (@ClotureClub) October 4, 2017The Monopoly Man who is wiping his brow with money and twirling his mustache is magical.? pic.twitter.com/GhbtyhIkLw  Carolyn Altland (@AltlandCarolyn) October 4, 2017Werner s group, Public Citizen, tweeted their purpose at Wednesday s hearing:We sent the Monopoly man to the #Equifax hearing to send a message: Forced arbitration gives @Equifax a monopoly over our justice system. pic.twitter.com/6pPtqLNPig  Public Citizen (@Public_Citizen) October 4, 2017If you re still worried about what the Equifax breach means for you, you can visit the Federal Trade Commission website, where there is some valuable advice and instructions for checking your vulnerability.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"October 5, 2017"
" In The Wake Of Las Vegas, The GOP Are Finally Beginning To Support Gun Control","A quick look at the statistics shows that six of the 10 deadliest mass shootings on record in the US have occurred in the last decade, the top two less than 18 months apart, yet Republicans have generally been opposed to almost any form of gun control. However, that appears to be changing in the aftermath of yet another tragedy.Democrats, spearheaded by California Senator Dianne Feinstein, the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, have proposed a ban on an accessory known as a  bump stock,  which uses the recoil of a semi-automatic firearm to fire several hundred shots per minute without compromising on accuracy, something that really isn t necessary for even the most avid outdoorsman, and a device that few lawmakers had even heard of before Monday.The most surprising part of this proposal is that it is gaining support from Republicans across the board and it s the first time Republicans have even considered discussing any form of gun control since 2012, when 20-year-old Adam Lanza shot and killed 20 children aged between six and seven years old, as well as six adult staff members, at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut.Republican support for the proposal, however, is a small victory along the long and bumpy road to becoming legislation. Not only will the measure need to be approved by Republicans on Capitol Hill, it will also need the backing of President Trump, whose campaign last year was heavily endorsed by the infinitely powerful National Rifle Association (NRA).All the same, it is an excellent start when a Congressman from Texas is the first Republican to support the ban on bump stocks. That Congressman is Bill Flores. I think they should be banned. There s no reason for a typical gun owner to own anything that converts a semi-automatic to something that behaves like an automatic,  Flores, a gun owner, said in an interview just off the House floor. Based on the videos I heard and saw, and now that I ve studied up on what a bump stock is   I didn t know there was such a thing   there s no reason for it,  he added. I have no problem from banning myself from owning it. Other House Republican moderates that agree with Flores include Charlie Dent and Ryan Costello from Pennsylvania, Leonard Lance of New Jersey and Pete King from New York. I m ready to say that they should not be in public use. I think they are a problem. I support a ban on bump stocks. I don t see any purpose for them,  Dent said. The law is clear to me that automatic weapons are banned in this country, as they should be. Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"October 5, 2017"
 Hilarious Video Shows The Moment Bernie Discovered He’s Related To His SNL Impersonator,"The 2016 election cycle was rife with hilarious   and often spot on   impersonations of the most talked about candidates. One such candidate was, of course, Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) who was competing for the Democratic Party s presidential nomination. On the iconic sketch show Saturday Night Live, Bernie was prominently portrayed by comedian Larry David. The impression was uncannily accurate   if we didn t know better, Larry David could easily have been mistaken for Bernie Sanders. From looks, to mannerisms, to general speech patterns and demeanor, David s Bernie impression was spot on. Well, there might be a reason for that: It turns out that Bernie Sanders and Larry David are actually related.The best part of all of this is that the two men did not know that they were related until quite recently, and their reactions to the news have been caught on video. They found out via Finding Your Roots, a PBS program that helps people find their ancestry and relatives they perhaps did not know about. It turns out that Sanders and David are cousins.When he found out, David simply said, What the hell. That is really funny. That is amazing Alright, cousin Bernie. Bernie says: You re kidding. That is unbelievable. People say to me, they talk about Larry David, and I say he does a better Bernie Sanders than I do. Well, now we know why Larry David does such a good Bernie impression.At any rate, we could all use a laugh right about now, so enjoy! (Editor s note: Right-click or ctrl+click to unmute)Featured image via video screen capture",News,"October 4, 2017"
 Trump LOSES HIS SH*T On Twitter Because The Media Told The Truth About Him Again,"Donald Trump flew into an uncontrollable rage on Wednesday morning.Upon returning back to the mainland from hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Trump apparently noticed the accurate coverage of his trip. During that trip, Trump complained about how the disaster is hurting his budget plan and told Puerto Ricans that their catastrophe wasn t a  real catastrophe. And then he threw paper towels to victims as if they were animals.Of course, Trump thinks this is all  fake news  because the media didn t make it look like his trip went well.A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 4, 2017Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 4, 2017Trump response to the disaster was slow. That s a fact. It s also a fact that the death toll has doubled since he told the people in Puerto Rico that they  should be proud  that only 16 people died.And the media captured Trump s remarks and actions on film for everyone to see.But then Trump attacked NBC for reporting that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called Trump a  moron  during a Pentagon meeting and threatened to resign.NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 4, 2017The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 4, 2017Just because the subject of a story denies the report, it doesn t mean the network should retract the story and apologize. News agencies have their sources and they are not going to issue a retraction just because Trump tells them to do so.Furthermore, Trump and his team have lied more than any administration in American history, including the Nixon administration.Their word against that of the three officials who confirmed the story to NBC is meaningless.It should also be pointed out that Tillerson did not outright deny that he called Trump a  moron. Featured Image: David Becker/Getty Images",News,"October 4, 2017"
 Anti-Abortion Republican Cheated And Tried To Get His Mistress To Have An Abortion,"A text message which was sent in January to U.S. Rep. Tim Murphy, a staunch  pro-life  Republican representing Pennsylvania s 18th District, is now being revealed. In the text, a woman with whom Murphy was in a relationship outside of his marriage, took him to task for an anti-abortion statement posted on Facebook from his office s public account, the Pittsburg Post-Gazette reports. And you have zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week when we thought that was one of the options,  wrote Shannon Edwards, a forensic psychologist in Pittsburgh with whom the congressman admitted just last month to having an extramarital relationship. Mrs. Edwards is now going through a divorce following the affair.Murphy publicly admitted to the affair last month. Last year I became involved in an affair with a personal friend. This is nobody s fault but my own, and I offer no excuses. To the extent that there should be any blame in this matter, it falls solely upon me,  he said in a statement at the time.The Gazette notes that a text, which the paper obtained, from Murphy s cell phone number that same day responded to say,  I get what you say about my March for life messages. I ve never written them. Staff does them. I read them and winced,  he continued.  I told staff don t write any more. I will. So, he never believed the anti-choice messages he touted.The Gazette reports:The congressman has been lauded by the Family Research Council, for his stance on abortion, as well as for family values, generally. He also has been endorsed by LifePAC, which opposes abortion rights, and is a member of the House Pro-Life Caucus, an affiliation that is often cited by his office.In addition to Murphy s other problems, a six-page memo to the Pennsylvania Republican, presumably written by his chief of staff, Susan Mosychuk, described a hostile workplace in which Murphy repeatedly denigrated employees, threatened them and created a state of  terror. Apparently, being a  pro-life  Republican means not respecting life while secretly opting to be pro-choice for them. Murphy has voted against funding for Planned Parenthood and voted against federal funding for research that utilizes human embryonic stem cells. He has consistently voted against pro-choice proposals.Image via screen capture.",News,"October 3, 2017"
 Trump’s IRS Just Decided They’re Going To Give All Your Info To Equifax After They Got Hacked,"Has anyone else noticed that the government sometimes seems to like awarding contracts to companies that have proven they re incapable of doing what they re supposed to be doing? Equifax s massive data breach affected most Americans with any kind of credit at all, and here comes the IRS to give Equifax a contract in the name of  fraud prevention, because Equifax has proven that they re awesome at protecting our data. Oh! And then they proved that they were totally and completely transparent and on their consumers  sides when they tried to yank away our right to sue by encouraging all of us to enroll in their own fraud protection program with very fine print binding us to arbitration.The contract, which is a $7.25 million contract to verify our identities and prevent fraud, is a  sole source order,  which means the IRS decided Equifax was the only company capable of doing this for them. Supposedly this is to help prevent an interruption in ID verification while officials try and resolve something else.Equifax s security breach involved sensitive information for over 145 million Americans, including our Social Security numbers. Congressman Greg Walden of Oregon likened the breach to the guards at Fort Knox forgetting to lock the doors. That s how bad this hack was.The IRS itself isn t exactly free of security issues, either. They ve had severe problems with tax-ID fraud and other data hacks. Senator Orrin Hatch, of the Senate Finance Committee, has said he s worried the IRS doesn t have the technology necessary  to safeguard the integrity of our tax administration system. Well, it seems Equifax doesn t either, and yet the IRS is giving up our information to them for  fraud prevention. The House Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection subcommittee called Equifax  stupid,  and said they  deserve to be shamed,  and called the breach  shocking  and  unprecedented.  Walden also said: How does this happen when so much is at stake? I don t think we can pass a law that can fix stupid. Apparently they can t regulate the stupid of the IRS, either. We should all cross our fingers and pray nothing else happens to our data now. That s literally about all we can do.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",News,"October 3, 2017"
" Trump Walks Into Church In Puerto Rico, Starts Throwing Paper Towels At The Crowd (VIDEO)","Before departing for Puerto Rico, Donald Trump hurled an insult at the island, then after landing in the U.S. territory, he continued to embarrass the rest of us. After telling Puerto Ricans whose lives have been devasted by two hurricanes that they are throwing the budget  out of whack,  Trump praised officials on the island with the exception of the Mayor of San Juan, in order to continue his war on Carmen Yul n Cruz.As Trump entered Calvary Chapel, cheers rang out from the crowd, according to The Hill. There were signs in the room which read  Let s Make Puerto Rico Great Again  and  God bless You, Mr. President,  according to a pool report. There are no signs like that visible from the video which captured the former reality show star throwing rolls of paper towels out to the desperate hurricane victims. It s possible, but I just haven t run across any yet online.It s as if Trump thought he was in a Mardi Gras parade, tossing out beads and doubloons to the crowd.While standing behind a table of supplies, Trump said,  There s a lot of love in this room, a lot of love. At that point, Trump handed out a few packages of rice to the crowd, then picked up packaged rolls of paper towels and threw them into the crowd as if he was practicing shooting basketball hoops.A few of the rolls were caught by people in the crowd while another fell to the ground.Watch:.@realDonaldTrump entrega suministros durante su visita a la isla. #TrumpPuertoRico #hurac nMar a pic.twitter.com/aAsND3HRd6  El Nuevo D a (@ElNuevoDia) October 3, 2017It s as if Trump thought he was starring in a game show.Yes, he really did throw paper towels at the church crowd in PR. (Photos: AP & Reuters) pic.twitter.com/mr9dF5eVBk  David Martosko (@dmartosko) October 3, 2017I suppose we should be thankful that Trump didn t hand out bags of rice to the victims, then jerked one back if the person didn t quickly grab it.  Too slow! You can t have it now!  But we don t want to give him any ideas. He would probably consider it to be a challenge.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images.",News,"October 3, 2017"
" Pat Robertson Says If We’d Only Worship Trump, Las Vegas Never Would’ve Happened","In the wake of any tragedy in this country, there are invariably those who make statements that become indelible. Things get said that we ll remember forever, whether that s a good thing or a bad thing.When George W. Bush said his FEMA Director  Brownie  was doing a  heck of a job,  Dubya couldn t possibly have known it would become synonymous with ironically praising a dismal performance.When reporters are the first to come across emergent tweets about disastrous, high-profile events, they can look just like vultures:Source: TwitterAnd when  spiritual leaders  publicly blame a tragedy on the ills of the world rather than the actual cause, it can leave a similar stain. Remember when Jerry Falwell blamed pagans, gay people, feminists, and  abortionists  for the attacks on September 11, 2001? Of course you do. It was as disgusting then as it is now.Similarly, the man I consider to be the Worst Human On The Planet  just said that the worst mass shooting in American history happened because people talk shit about Donald Trump. Seriously.Pat Robertson, the host of the Christian Broadcasting Network s 700 Club, went on his show Monday and made the predictably horrific statement: Violence in the streets, ladies and gentlemen. Why is it happening? The fact that we have disrespect for authority; there is profound disrespect for our president, all across this nation they say terrible things about him. It s in the news, it s in other places. There is disrespect now for our national anthem, disrespect for our veterans, disrespect for the institutions of our government, disrespect for the court system. All the way up and down the line, disrespect. That s right: People who wish we had a president who didn t act like a schoolyard bully and NFL players who silently protest the murder of unarmed black people across America are to blame for the events of Sunday night in Las Vegas.I have a different belief, Pat. I believe you are responsible for the legions of  Christians  across this country who don t give enough of a fuck about human life to change anything.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",News,"October 3, 2017"
 Trump In Puerto Rico Disgustingly Tells Puerto Ricans It’s Costing Too Much To Save Them,"Just when you thought he couldn t possibly get worse, Donald Trump lowers the bar. While in Puerto Rico, Donald Trump just told American citizens you re throwing our budget out of whack. Read below:Mick [Mulvaney] is in charge of a thing called budget. Now, I hate to tell you Puerto Rico, but you re throwing our budget a little out of whack, because we ve spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico.If you look at real catastrophe like Katrina, and you look at the tremendous   hundreds and hundreds of people that died. And you look at what happened here with really a storm that was totally overpowering   nobody s ever seen anything like this. What is our death count this morning? 16, certified.The certified death count in Puerto Rico may be misleading   nobody actually knows how many uncertified deaths there are in Puerto Rico. There could be hundreds. The death count hasn t been updated in days, and many people are missing. Yet, once again, Trump s chief concern is his public image.Here s the video:President Trump: ""Now I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack"" https://t.co/3DSMX2ysAx  NBC News (@NBCNews) October 3, 2017In the responses to NBC s tweet, the vast majority of replies called him out for his lies:         Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"October 3, 2017"
 WATCH: Trump Blames Puerto Ricans For Recovery Effort Problems While Giving Himself An A+,"Donald Trump insulted the people of Puerto Rico just as he was getting ready to travel there to inspect the devastation caused by two Category 5 hurricanes.As a helicopter was standing by, Trump took questions from reporters as he walked to the landing pad.One question was about the hurricane relief effort that is currently underway in Puerto Rico.Trump responded by whining about the criticism of his response, which was slower than George W. Bush s response to Hurricane Katrina. Then he gave himself an A+ grade on the response and proceeded to blame the victims of the hurricane for all the problems.I think it s now no longer acknowledged what a great job we ve done. Texas and Florida we get an A plus. I think we ve done just as good in Puerto Rico and it s a much tougher situation. Now the roads are cleared. Communications starting to come back. We need their truck drivers. Their drivers have to start driving trucks. We have to do that. At a local level they have to give us more help. I will tell you the first responders, the military, FEMA, they have done an incredible job in Puerto Rico. And whether it s her or anybody else, they re all starting to say it. I appreciate very much the governor and his comments. He has said we have done an incredible job and that s the truth.Here s the video via YouTube.Keep in mind that Puerto Rico just suffered near total devastation. There is a lack of food and water and not nearly enough manpower and equipment. Much of the island still has no electrical power.Blaming the locals is what a poor leader does when he or she wants to shift the blame for their own mishandling of the situation. Trump responded badly to the dire situation in Puerto Rico and he refuses to take responsibility. Apparently, the buck always stops with someone else. Puerto Ricans should boo Trump s sorry ass back to the mainland, because he basically just doubled down on suggesting that they are lazy. Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017 want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017Trump should be ashamed of himself.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"October 3, 2017"
 Bill O’Reilly Writes INFURIATING Blog Post On Las Vegas Massacre – It’s Absolutely Vile,"Like increasing numbers of heartless people on the right, Bill O Reilly has weighed in on the Las Vegas massacre with one of the worst things you can say about any mass shooting. The former Fox News host is an avid 2nd Amendment  fan,  meaning he believes that guns are more important than people s lives, and he reminded us that he feels that way in an absolutely disgusting blog post today. The NRA and its supporters want easy access to weapons, while the left wants them banned,  he says. Sorry, but  easy access to weapons  is a big part of the problem. Stephen Paddock had multiple firearms and clips, and over 100 rounds of ammunition. In videos of the shooting you can hear the rapid fire of assault weapons. Guns are already too easy to get.The fact that Paddock managed to kill over 50 people and wound more than 500 more from the 32nd floor of Mandalay Bay, which has no balconies or patios, is proof positive that more guns is not the answer. All the  good guys with guns  in the world would not have stopped that. But the above isn t what makes Billo the Clown so repugnant right now. It s what he said afterward, about the price of freedom, that s so vile: This is the price of freedom. Violent nuts are allowed to roam free until they do damage, no matter how threatening they are.The Second Amendment is clear that Americans have a right to arm themselves for protection. Even the loons. Three words come to mind: FUCK. OFF. ASSHOLE. The 2nd Amendment makes clear no such thing. All we can conclude from this is that NRA-types like him no longer value American lives. If they did, they d be calling up all their Congresspeople (like we all should be doing right now) and demanding a thorough review of current federal laws regarding gun ownership to determine how best to prevent things like this in the future. They d be calling their state lawmakers (again, like we all should be doing) and demanding their states do the same thing.The House is supposed to vote on a law that loosens regulations on silencers today. How bad would it have been if Paddock had managed to silence his weapon? It would have taken longer for people to figure out what was happening and even more would have died. But conservatives, both Republican and Democrat, are saying,  Oh, we have to protect the hearing of hunters and sport shooters.  Really? This target shooter knows there are squillions of other ways to do that.  Protecting people s hearing,  is a ridiculous and tone-deaf rationalization for what they re about to do. Lives lost in senseless massacres like this should never be the price of freedom. Any freedom.The time to debate gun laws is after gun violence.The time to debate climate change is after hurricanes.The time is now.#Resist  Alt Sarah H. Sanders (@AltUSPressSec) October 2, 2017And Bill O Reilly can go rot.Featured image via Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images",News,"October 2, 2017"
 Country Guitarist Who Survived Vegas Shooting Changes Mind On Gun Control: ‘How Wrong I Was’,"Caleb Keeter, a lifelong proponent of the Second Amendment, and guitarist for Texas country outfit the Josh Abbott Band has had a strong change of heart regarding gun control. What changed his stance was  the events of last night  in which a gunman opened fire killing 58 people and injuring 515 others, marking it as the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. While  thoughts and prayers  are offered by the masses after each deadly shooting, Keeter took it a step further, posting a lengthy message on Twitter to express his personal thoughts after the attack.Keeter, who survived the attack, wrote,  I ve been a proponent of the 2nd amendment my entire life. Until the events of last night.   I cannot express how wrong I was. We actually have members of our crew with [Concealed Handgun Licenses], and legal firearms on the bus,  Keeter continued.  They were useless. We couldn t touch them for fear police might think we were part of the massacre and shoot us. A small group (or one man) laid waste to a city with dedicated, fearless police officers desperately trying to help, because of access to an insane amount of fire power.Enough is enough.Writing my parents and the love of my life a goodbye last night and a living will because I felt like I wasn t going to live through the night was enough for me to realize that this is completely and totally out of hand. These rounds were just powerful enough that my crew guys just standing in close proximity of a victim shot by this f ing coward received shrapnel wounds.We need gun control RIGHT. NOW. My biggest regret is that I stubbornly didn t realize it until my brothers on the road and myself were threatened by it. We are unbelievably fortunate to not be among the number of victims killed or seriously wounded by this maniac.pic.twitter.com/0NFjHf3PW2  Caleb Keeter (@Calebkeeter) October 2, 2017Some Twitter users wondered about his change of heart. Why now instead of when a gunman opened fire in 2012, slaughtering twenty first-graders and six adults at the Sandy Hook elementary school.On Twitter user wrote,  It s frustrating that some don t call the fire dept until the blaze is at their own front door. But we need more ppl on our side. Welcome. Caleb admitted that he s done nothing about gun violence which has rocked our country for years, but said he would like to do something now. You are all absolutely correct,  he tweeted.  I saw this happening for years and did nothing. But I d like to do what I can now. You are all absolutely correct. I saw this happening for years and did nothing. But I'd like to do what I can now. https://t.co/5mYA7D90X3  Caleb Keeter (@Calebkeeter) October 2, 2017In another tweet, he wrote,  That being said, I ll not live in fear of anyone. We will regroup, we ll come back, and we ll rock your fu*king faces off. Bet on it. It s OK to be for the Second Amendment and for gun control.  Keeter has a set of brass balls to come out publicly like that in support of gun control as the country music industry has close ties with the National Rifle Association.Image via YouTube screen capture. ",News,"October 2, 2017"
 Miami Police Union Leader Joins Other Conservatives In Bashing NFL For Las Vegas Massacre,"Over 50 people are dead, and more than 500 are wounded, after a gunman opened fire on a crowd of concertgoers from the 32nd floor of Mandalay Bay on the south end of the Las Vegas strip late last night. And true to form, we re already hearing conservatives use it to push their  moar gunz  and  blue lives matter  agendas while crying that anyone begging Congress to do something real to save lives is  politicizing a tragedy. But the true political agenda comes from those who won t acknowledge that commonsense gun legislation would save lives and think that protesting racial injustice is the same thing as protesting against police officers themselves, the military, and the country. The leader of Miami s chapter of the Fraternal Order of Police, Lt. Javier Ortiz, tweeted the following:Two groups of people, one in Seattle, one in Vegas, chose to take action last night in their own way . We support the #POLICE pic.twitter.com/2S8WkpWvXl  Miami FOP 20 (@MiamiFOP20) October 2, 2017When the Miami New Times asked him to clarify, he said: While NFL players express a false perception of police officers by inciting hate and division by disrespecting the U.S. flag, the reality is law enforcement risks their lives every day for America. We don t know the motive behind Stephen Paddock s decision to break open the window of a room at Mandalay Bay and then fire multiple clips of rounds into the crowd attending the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival below. As of now, this doesn t appear to have had anything to do with hatred of police officers and we can t say it did until Paddock s motive is discovered.It s true that mass shootings and really, any crime would be worse if it weren t for the law enforcement officers who risk their lives to stop them, but Lt. Ortiz s remarks are dangerously irresponsible because they could trigger a retaliation from the people who worship the flag and think police brutality against African-Americans isn t a thing.And Ortiz isn t the only one who s slamming the NFL because of Las Vegas. Others are doing something similar:Las vegas happened cuz of the NFL players. He said  fuck the raiders  Tyler_Ooak (@Originalkidski) October 2, 2017 No possible motive ?? How bout fake news & reporters CONTINUED lies,propaganda& DISGUSTING hate&divide thy spew?? @CNN @NFL #LasVegas  Jali_Cat (@Jali_Cat) October 2, 2017if the wall was built, Las Vegas shooting would not have happened.or if the NFL players/coaches did not kneel.  Shontong Balentong (@shontong81) October 2, 2017As millionaire athletes knelt in protest of cops yesterday, those same men and women in Blue saved lives last night.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 2, 2017Athletes knelt against police. Officers rose up to the call of duty and saved many lives. Think about that. #lvshooting  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 2, 2017Las Vegas is under attack by multiple shooters. Hey NFL, you protested the hero cops that are saving lives right now. PRAY! #MandalayBay  Mike (@mike_Zollo) October 2, 2017The police that responded to the shooting in Las Vegas are the same police BLM and NFL and others are  taking a knee  AGAINST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Tom Watson (@pop6627) October 2, 2017NFL players to continue protest against the nation in aftermath of atrocious Las Vegas terror attack.  Ricky Vaughn 2.0 (@RapinBill) October 2, 2017It wasn t M Bennett running to stop shooter in Las Vegas @NFL It was brave blue line he demeaned and lied about. Deal with it. NOW  Jane L (@SunnyJL52) October 2, 2017Instead of @NFL taking a knee, how about you thank police for heroic actions that saved countless lives in Las Vegas! #PRAYERSFORVEGAS  PolitiDiva  (@realPolitiDiva) October 2, 2017The NFL was further disgraced to today! The bravery of the First Responders in Las Vegas and everywhere should be honored !  Wolfgang (@wcoolbreeze) October 2, 2017Las Vegas PD stopped this mass shooting very quickly. Americans need to side with the Police over these ignorant left wing NFL players.  The Daily POTUS (@redalertnow) October 2, 2017LVMPD RUNNING TOWARDS FIRE TO SAVE LIVES. GOD BLESS OUR GREAT POLICE! FUK U NFL THUGS!  Las Vegas  ProudTrumpBased (@BasedTrumpProud) October 2, 2017There were Police Officers killed last night in Las Vegas. Take some more knees you worthless @NFL America haters https://t.co/huWuS37Jn9  A Greater Country (@agreatercountry) October 2, 2017Do you know that First Responders put themselves between the sniper and the crowd in Las Vegas  These are the hero s that the @NFL HATES pic.twitter.com/E86809ES69  Villi Wilson (@Conservative_VW) October 2, 2017 THIS is the true politicizing of a tragedy. There are far more productive areas to which these people can direct their anger, but they won t because none of that suits their narratives.Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",News,"October 2, 2017"
 Trump: Mass Shootings Will Stop If Americans Unite And Pray For Peace,"Clearly, Donald Trump intends to do absolutely nothing to prevent future mass shootings.The Las Vegas mass shooting is the deadliest in American history. Fifty people are dead and over 400 are wounded after a gunman used a machine gun to mow people down from his hotel room at Mandalay Bay as 22,000 concertgoers fled for their lives.Predictably, the National Rifle Association has remained silent and Republicans like Trump are only offering  thoughts and prayers  instead of taking meaningful action.Trump fumbled his first response to the shooting by offering his  warmest condolences  on Twitter. Of course, we all know that if the shooter were brown with a Muslim sounding name Trump would be calling this an act of terror and would be once again calling for a Muslim ban.But this shooter was an old white guy who used an assault rifle so the terrorism label won t be used and there will be no call for a gun ban by Trump.And that was made further clear by Trump s remarks to the nation this morning as he suggested that the only real way to stop these violent acts is to unite in prayer for peace. In moments of tragedy and horror, America comes together as one. And it always has. We call upon the bonds that unite us, our faith, our family, and our shared values. We call upon the bonds of citizenship, the ties of community, and the comfort of our common humanity. Our unity cannot be shattered by evil, our bonds cannot be broken by violence, and though we feel such great anger, at the senseless murder of our fellow citizens, it is our love that defines us today. And always will. Forever We pray for the entire nation to find unity and peace. And we pray for the day when evil is banished and the innocent are safe from hatred and from fear. Here s the video of Trump s full remarks via YouTube.Not once did Trump call this an act of terrorism. Not once did Trump mention the need for gun control. He said the word  pray  an insufferable amount of times as if prayer is the solution to gun violence. The only thing he offered these victims was prayers and a reference to the Bible and God.That s unacceptable. It s time for Republicans to acknowledge that white men commit acts of terror and it s time for them to ignore the NRA and do something to prevent future tragedies like this from occurring.This was an opportunity for Trump to actually do something courageous in response to tragedy. He failed spectacularly as usual. Thoughts, prayers, and God will not prevent mass shootings. We need gun control measures now more than ever and a renewed focus on stopping home-grown domestic terrorists. The American people need real action, not false platitudes.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"October 2, 2017"
 Geraldo Rivera To San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz: ‘I Don’t See People Dying’ (VIDEO),"The way in which Donald Trump has handled the aftermath of Hurricane Maria s impact on Puerto Rico, an unincorporated territory of the United States, has been nothing short of terrible and incompetent, leading many to question his ability to even locate Puerto Rico on a map. The only thing more disgusting than the actions of President Trump is the behavior of his blind followers and Fox News reporter and former talk show host Geraldo Rivera set the bar relatively low recently.San Juan Mayor Carmen Yul n Cruz reached out to Trump first by pleading in an interview for him to  save us from dying,  but to no avail. Cruz then tried in the only way proven effective, by taking to Twitter almost a week after Hurricane Maria, the strongest hurricane to make landfall in Puerto Rico since 1928, struck the country and left most of the population without power or fresh water. She began by retweeting the pleas of others and then attempted to get Trump s attention directly:Se or Presidente no eliminar las leyes de cabotaje es inmoral. Es un acto de opresi n financiera que solo lograr  agravar nuestra crisis. pic.twitter.com/6UujyEUlTD  Carmen Yul n Cruz (@CarmenYulinCruz) September 28, 2017Her first tweet to Trump was a plea to eliminate the Jones Act, an outdated and antiquated maritime law requiring all goods transported by water between US ports be carried on US-flag ships, constructed in the United States, owned by US citizens, and crewed by US citizens and US permanent residents, a law that is drastically holding up relief efforts. Cruz s tweet read in Spanish,  Mr. President, not to eliminate the laws of cabotage is immoral. It is an act of financial oppression that will only aggravate our crisis.  It is almost certain that Trump can t read Spanish or comprehend the fact that Cabotage is a real term to refer to coastal navigation and trade, so naturally, he saw this as an insult:The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017 Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017 want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017While Trump put off visiting Puerto Rico for another week, Geraldo Rivera decided to make the trip on behalf of Fox News to see what Cruz was so concerned about. There are all people at all municipalities literally starving, dehydrating,  Cruz told Rivera.  We have had our hospital try to go back to speed but then the electricity goes off and we have to do all the bacteria testing, which takes three to four days. Geraldo wasn t convinced and felt the need to interject. But are people dying?  he interrupted.  I ve been traveling around, I don t see people dying. I spoke to the doctors, they say they saw 53 patients and they had a person who was septic, but nobody dying. Mayor Cruz tried her best to reason with the mustachioed one. Dying is a continuum,  she explained.  If you don t get fed for seven, eight days and you re a child, you are dying. If you have 11 people   like we took out of a nursing home   severely dehydrated, you are dying. Watch the madness unfold below and, in case you were wondering, the death toll in Puerto Rico due to Hurricane Maria stood at 16 as of Sunday with only nine hospitals connected to the electric grid.Featured image via screenshot",News,"October 2, 2017"
 NRA Terrorist Organization Remains Silent After Worst Mass Shooting In American History,"It s time to shut them down. Permanently.On Sunday evening, 64-year-old Stephen Craig Paddock poured gunfire on a concert at the Harvest Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada from his hotel room at Mandalay Bay.22,000 people were in attendance. 50 were killed and over 400 were wounded.Paddock fired  clip after clip after clip  from his assault rifle and the carnage stopped when police shot him dead.In Nevada, machine guns are legal and can be openly carried.Stricter gun laws might have prevented Paddock from acquiring the weapon he used to kill so many people.But the National Rifle Association has continued defending gunmen like Paddock for years by arguing that guns of any kind should be in the hands of every American.Thousands of Americans have died because of this irresponsible stance, and you can bet that the NRA will say that  now is not the time to discuss our gun laws  while at the same time only offering  thoughts and prayers  to the victims and their families instead of doing something that will actually prevent future mass shootings.It s a script that we have witnessed time and time again, and it has to be stopped.The NRA has become nothing more than a for-profit terrorist organization that makes money every time an American is killed by a gun. The NRA claims that  good guys with guns  will stop the bad guys from killing us. Tell that to the 50 human beings who were killed.They were just attending a concert when a man started firing from a hotel window. No  good guy with a gun  could have stopped him, but stricter gun laws could have kept the gun he used out of his possession in the first place. The NRA andThe NRA and their bought and paid for Republican lawmakers, including Donald Trump, will claim that stricter gun laws won t prevent such shootings. They are lying, pure and simple.Thus far, the NRA has remained silent about this mass shooting, and Americans across the country are severely pissed off at them.Ya. Fuck you if you ever once opened your mouth against gun control. Fuck you GOP. Fuck you NRA. Fuck ALL you old white terrorists #lasvegas  Katharine Isabelle (@Katie_Isabelle) October 2, 2017ONLY in America: GOP offering condolences to victims of gun violence while lining their pockets with NRA s blood money.  Mark Schweitzer (@MarkSchweitzer) October 2, 2017The NRA is a terrorist organization.  Robot Steve (@RobotSteve2016) October 2, 2017Come on @DLoesch and @NRA let s see another one of your  Call To Arms  Videos today. #LasVegas  (((NotMyAmerica))) (@S1PPi) October 2, 20174) Don t let the @NRA or lawmakers tell you this week that more guns and fewer guns laws are the answer. It s a lie. pic.twitter.com/tBkg5cgOZn  Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) October 2, 2017The NRA s silence on Las Vegas is almost as deafening as the roar of automatic gunfire. Unconscionable.  Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) October 2, 2017Americans are sick of political hacks talking about condolences and sympathy while stuffing NRA blood money in their pockets. Do sonething.  Richard W. Painter (@RWPUSA) October 2, 2017Don t call him a  Lone Wolf . He had plenty of help from the NRA & their republican politicians who passed laws allowing automatic guns  Cheri DelBrocco (@cdelbrocco) October 2, 2017Hey @NRA ! Waiting for your coments, you cowardly crew of right wing arrogant paranoid white men. Blood on your hands. SHAME!  Brenda Iannucci MD (@bjimd) October 2, 2017The bottom line is that it s time to end the NRA and its influence on our government and laws. They put the gun in Paddock s hands. They have repeatedly had the chance to support common sense gun control laws that would not have infringed on their gun rights. Now they need to pay the price.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"October 2, 2017"
 Overnight Las Vegas Attack Is Deadliest Mass Shooting In American History (DETAILS),"Sunday night at the Route 91 Harvest Festival 2017, two unknown shooters began gunning down police officers and at least one bodyguard from what appeared to be the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel in Las Vegas.The country music festival was just concluding for the weekend, with the last performer, Jason Aldean, wrapping up his performance for a sold-out crowd of 12,000 people.Twitter was the first place information began to emerge on the shooters and what was happening: pic.twitter.com/4ZhhGiqeDL  kenny terhune jr (@kenny_terhune) October 2, 2017My sister in law just texted me this. They are staying at the Mandalay Bay hotel in Vegas where there was just an active shooter. pic.twitter.com/ldkWUo1NdJ  Brittany Michelle (@britmgarcia) October 2, 2017Per police scanner: Multiple casualties, officer shot in neck possibly another officer dead. #MandalayBay  jordan ghoul ? ? (@JordanUhl) October 2, 2017There was footage from nearby:Shooting in Las Vegas. People fleeing (video from the Mandalay Bay hotel) pic.twitter.com/hs98J5uK6T  Eiki Hrafnsson (@EirikurH) October 2, 2017And it appears the police scanner was confirming that at least one officer had been hit:?Active shooter?Shots fired at Mandalay Bay Reports one officer has been shot#LasVegas#MandalayBayShooting pic.twitter.com/TUHeekdn7t  DeDeKim (@ZDeDeKim) October 2, 2017The following video clip contains audio of what is clearly an automatic weapon, so sensitive readers please be warned.Active shooter Las Vegas strip I'm ok locked in my room lights off windows closed. Shooter is directly across the street. Shots heard on vid pic.twitter.com/Z4mz3E3bmE  Bryan Heifner (@HBryanBHHS) October 2, 2017News 3 Las Vegas has a crew on the way to the scene and we are awaiting further information. We will update as it becomes available.UPDATE, 12:24 AM PSTPolice are now confirming that 2 are dead, 24 injured, 12 in critical condition.One shooter is  down  according to Las Vegas PoliceConfirming that one suspect is down. This is an active investigation. Again, please do not head down to the Strip at this time.  LVMPD (@LVMPD) October 2, 2017The identity of the shooter who is down has not been released.Reports are also coming in of a  suspicious device  nearby as well.UPDATE, 12:34 AM PSTUniversity Medical Center is the  Level One  response center for this situation; it appears to be full at this time. Sunset Medical Center is the  Level Two. Flights in and out of McCarran Airport have been grounded, and Interstate 15 is locked down. All guests in every hotel on the Las Vegas strip are being instructed to shelter in place.UPDATE, 12:44 AM PSTAt this time we do not believe there are any more shooters. More information to come shortly from @Sheriff_LVMPD.  LVMPD (@LVMPD) October 2, 2017We will update with any new information from LVMPD.UPDATE, 1:59 AM PSTThe Las Vegas Sheriff has just given a press conference to news crews on the scene. Information so far indicates a  sole actor  who is a local resident.Police confirmed the shooter was on the 32nd floor of the hotel. He is now dead. The shooter was a local resident of the Las Vegas area, and police are searching for another person of interest. She is an Asian woman, 4 -11 , 111 lbs, named Marilou Danley, also a local resident.Police are searching for two vehicles, both of unknown color: A Hyundai Tucson, license plate 114-B40, and a Chrysler Pacifica Touring, license plate 19D401.The Sheriff indicated that over 100 people are injured, and more than 20 people have now died.There are no known ties to terrorism at this time.Several off-duty police officers from nearby Bakersfield, California were in attendance at the concert, at least one of whom was shot.The woman being searched for has allegedly been identified on Twitter:.@LVMPD are searching for the shooters companion, please share? pic.twitter.com/EZXuSrCS0l  Rogue CPI (@RogueCPI) October 2, 2017The LV Sheriff has confirmed via Twitter that the image is of her, which makes this her Facebook page. Any new information will be updated in the morning.UPDATE, 7:07 AM PSTThe now-deceased shooter has been identified as 64-year-old Stephen Craig Paddock of Mesquite, Nevada. Paddock took his own life before police could reach him. Still no known ties to terrorist groups. The following picture was recovered from Marilou Danley s Facebook page:At least 50 people were killed and more than 400 wounded. This is the deadliest mass shooting in American history. Police found 10 or more weapons inside Paddock s hotel room at the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino.Gun laws in Nevada are among the most relaxed in the nation. Open carry is legal without a permit, silencers are legal, there is no waiting period to purchase a firearm, private gun sales are unregulated, it is legal to carry an assault rifle, and there is no magazine capacity limit.Paddock s brother, Eric, told NBC News that the family was  dumbfounded  by the act.We will continue to update with any pertinent information.Featured image via archive",News,"October 2, 2017"
 Trump Just Dedicated A F**king GOLF TROPHY To People Who Are Suffering In Puerto Rico,"Some are saying that Trump has not botched the relief effort in Puerto Rico (Newsflash: He s botched it horribly), but even if that were true, he s doing worse than botching the PR for it. Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico on Sept. 20. On the 22nd, he decided to go golfing for four days, and rage-tweeted at the NFL the whole time. Then he rage-tweeted at the  ingrates  in Puerto Rico who aren t showing him the proper appreciation for what he s not doing. Today, he was at the Presidents Cup golf tournament, avoiding real work and participating in the trophy presentation instead.And while he was there, he decided to dedicate the trophy to the victims of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria. According to Steve Kopack of CNBC, Trump said that conditions in Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico are  really under control,  and that he was dedicating the trophy to victims of storms:For those asking, President Trump was speaking on @GolfChannel s coverage of the Presidents Cup trophy presentation.  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) October 1, 2017Here are his own words: On behalf of all of the people of Texas, and all of the people   if you look today and see what is happening, how horrible it is but we have it under really great control   Puerto Rico and the people of Florida who have really suffered over this last short period of time with the hurricanes, I want to just remember them.And we re going to dedicate this trophy to all of those people that went through so much that we love   a part of our great state, really part of our great nation. Because a trophy is seriously what they need right now. Forget disaster relief funds, forget personnel and equipment. Forget food, water and medicine. Forget restoring electricity and communications. What they really need a participation trophy, which is what this amounts to for all the good it ll do.The relief effort is disastrously inadequate in Puerto Rico, where people are starting to suffer from Dengue fever, viral conjunctivitis and Zika. They re at increasing risk for cholera due to the lack of clean drinking water. In fact, the number of people without access to clean drinking water has shot from 44 percent to 55 percent between Wednesday and yesterday, and will continue to rise until we actually get our butts moving with the relief effort there.Furthermore, the contaminated floodwaters are putting Puerto Ricans at risk for hepatitis A, meningitis and salmonella, even if they don t drink it.This isn t just a meaningless gesture, it s damned insulting. You don t dedicate a goddamn trophy, presented at a tournament full of wealthy people who are safe in their well-moneyed cocoons, to hurricane victims. You just don t. It wouldn t be surprising to start hearing more outcry from homeless, sick, and suffering Puerto Ricans   people who are already angry at the lack of response from Trump s administration and his characterization of them as lazy all over Twitter.Featured image via Elsa/Getty Images",News,"October 1, 2017"
" 49ers Defy Trump, Kneel During Anthem In Solidarity With Colin Kaepernick (VIDEO)","Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has been essentially blacklisted in the NFL for daring to kneel during the national anthem in order to protest police brutality against people of color. He was the original player to #takeaknee, and has paid dearly for it. However, since Donald Trump has seen fit to attack anyone daring to protest in this way, the tide on the anthem protests has taken on new life. After Trump s original attacks, players throughout the league were taking knees last Sunday. The attacks continued from Trump this week, and players continued to defy Trump. Perhaps most notably, those on Kaepernick s old team.The 49ers had an entire row of players kneeling during the anthem, right in front of those who chose to stand. However, despite choosing to stand, those players had their hands on the shoulders of those kneeling in solidarity. Trump might continue to petulantly tweet at these people who are using their public platform to shine a light on the very serious and deadly issue of police brutality, but clearly things are not going in the way he had hoped.Then again, Trump seems to think that everyone is as tone deaf and racist as he and his mouthbreathing, flag-soaked base are. That is clearly not the case, though. Newsflash, you orange fascist   the world is much less tolerant of bigotry than you might like to think. People are sick and tired of your screaming racism through your bullhorn and using the bully pulpit of the White House to attack anyone who would dare to do the right thing here.Good on these brave players. They ll surely be attacked for what they are doing once again, from Donald Trump s overly active Twitter account. But, at the end of the day, they are the ones who are on the right side of history.Watch the video below, courtesy of the 49ers  official Twitter:Together pic.twitter.com/PwKDagudCq  San Francisco 49ers (@49ers) October 1, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",News,"October 1, 2017"
 Tea Party Superstar Gets WRECKED After Obama ‘N****r’ Tweet,"Tea Party darling and deadbeat dad extraordinaire Joe Walsh managed to be douchier than is typical on Sunday when he attacked Michael Che for saying something mean about Donald Trump.It may seem nonsensical that the  fuck your feelings  crowd gets sad every time someone says something to  trigger  them, but Walsh apparently needs a safe space after SNL s Michael Che called Donald Trump a  cracker  (among other things).Like all conservatives at some point in their lives, Walsh became  economically disenfranchised  (the media s term for racism among Trump voters) enough upon hearing Trump described as a  cracker  (the name of an all-white minor league baseball team in Atlanta, Georgia in the early parts of last century) to bust out the  n*gger  word.Naturally, The People were not amused:You thinking there is any equivalence between those two words demonstrates how thoroughly out of touch you are.  bob clendenin (@bobclendenin) October 1, 2017Why do white conservatives want to say that word so bad? It's very weird.  Kai (@kaisiobhan) October 1, 2017Your effort to justify Tweeting that word out, is as transparent as it is vile.  John Pavlovitz (@johnpavlovitz) October 1, 2017Not even fucking close, Joe. Way to use the N word though for no reason.  Harribly Bigly (@blindfordrumpf) October 1, 2017He pines for the days that a mediocre white man could spout it like an adjective.  Snarrky (@snarrky) October 1, 2017Remind me when were white people called ""crackers"" by people that owned them?   Oh right.  carling jaye (@carlingjaye) October 1, 2017Walsh took perhaps his most severe beating from Joy Reid, who correctly pointed out that Walsh, like all  conservatives, was looking for a reason to say it:You ve been DYING to say it, haven t you, Joe. You probably say it on your own all the time. Well your hood is off now. We see you. https://t.co/AXrR7X7r3L  Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) October 1, 2017.@WalshFreedom oh and kindly pay your child support. Your children would be better served by your money than your pernicious influence.  Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) October 1, 2017You know what? If Walsh is mad that a black man called Trump a  cracker,  I ll go ahead and help out here. I, a white man, feel that Donald Trump is a willfully ignorant, racist, xenophobic, bathmophobic, traitorous cracker who wants to have sex with his daughter and has said as much on many occasions. The same goes for Mr. Walsh (possibly without the bit about incest fantasies), who habitually fails to pay child support and probably smells like bourbon and the booths at a sketchy adult video store the majority of the time.If Mr. Walsh wishes to fire back, I regularly receive love letters calling me a  Jew.  That should get him started.",News,"October 1, 2017"
 WATCH: Kamala Harris Takes Trump To The Black Church In SCATHING Takedown Of His Attacks On Black Athletes,"Everyone is fed up with Donald Trump s blatant racism with his disgusting attacks on black athletes who are using their platform to shine a light on the deadly racist policing problem in America. Case in point   Senator Kamala Harris (D-CA). Senator Harris is one of the few women of color in the United States Senate, so this definitely hits close to home for her. On Sunday morning, while speaking at an Atlanta Church, Senator Harris ripped Trump for his attacks, all the while eloquently and passionately going to bat for the players who are exercising their First Amendment rights. She told the congregation at the First Congregational Church: Let s speak the truth that when Americans demand recognition that their lives matter, or kneel to call attention to injustice, that that is an expression of free speech, protected by our Constitution, and they should not be threatened or bullied. When we sing  The Star-Spangled Banner,  we rightly think about the brave men and women from all backgrounds who proudly defend the freedom of those they may never meet and people who will never know their names. When we sing  The Star-Spangled Banner,  we also think about those marching in the streets who demand that the ideals of that flag represent them too. That s exactly right. America is a wonderful ideal, but it isn t applied to everyone equally. That often has deadly consequences, and we see this racist pattern over and over again. That flag belongs to all of us, and until things are truly equal, it is not just a right to protest this injustice. It is a responsibility. Sure, the racists of America would have us believe that the flag and the nation belong to them. They want people to remain second-class citizens. Of course, they will never say it. Instead, they want to pretend that the last 52 years erased the attitudes that contributed to the white supremacy upon which this nation was founded.We all know that it isn t true, though. Good on Kamala Harris for speaking truth to power. She will surely be attacked by Trump, but this strong woman of color will not be intimidated by that orange fool.Watch her epic speech below:Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"October 1, 2017"
" NBA Kowtows To Racists, Orders Players To Stand For Anthem","For the last two weeks, Donald Trump has been stoking the fires of racial division in America by viciously attacking NFL stars who have decided to take a knee during the national anthem to protest police brutality against black and brown people. Of course, all of that escalated when Golden State Warriors Guard Stephen Curry   possibly the most popular player in the NBA right now   said he didn t want to go to the White House to see Trump. Of course, Trump took personal offense at that, and one of the other big stars in the NBA, LeBron James of the Cleveland Cavaliers, called Trump a  bum  on Twitter.U bum @StephenCurry30 already said he ain't going! So therefore ain't no invite. Going to White House was a great honor until you showed up!  LeBron James (@KingJames) September 23, 2017Now, it seems that the NBA has decided to, instead of giving their players the freedom to express their First Amendment rights, give in to the racists of the nation, and to Trump s petty, petulant, racist bullying by requiring that all players stand for the anthem. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver sent around a memo that said that all players are expected to stand. Deputy Commissioner Mark Tatum says that the pre-game moments should be utilized  to demonstrate your commitment to the NBA s core values of equality, diversity, inclusion and serve as a unifying force in the community. This is disgraceful. The NBA is 82% black men. It is their lives on the line, and the lives of others like them, in this racist society. They have every right to protest peacefully. Sure, stand. Don t f*ck up your basketball career over Trump s controversies. But do it with a Black Power fist in the air.Featured image via Ezra Shaw/Getty Images",News,"October 1, 2017"
 Rep. Joe Kennedy Torches GOP Congress For Screwing Over Low-Income Kids,"Last night, congressional Republicans went after healthcare for low-income kids and loans for low-income students. Through inaction, they killed the Children s Health Insurance Program, a stunningly successful program that has dropped the uninsured rate among low-income children massively over the two decades it has been active. CHIP has ensured that nine million children were insured who otherwise would not be   and Republicans just let it expire.Here s more from the Los Angeles Times:Advocates for children s health started worrying months ago that congressional incompetence would jeopardize the nation s one indisputable healthcare success   the Children s Health Insurance Program, which has reduced the uninsured rate among kids to 5% from 14% over the two decades of its existence.Their fears turned out to be true. Funding for CHIP runs out on Saturday, and no vote on reestablishing the program s $15-billion appropriation is expected for at least a week, probably longer. That s the case even though CHIP is one of the few federal programs that has enjoyed unalloyed bipartisan support since its inception in 1997. The consequences will be dire in many states, which will have to curtail or even shut down their children s health programs until funding is restored. Hanging in the balance is care for 9 million children and pregnant women in low-income households.What happened? The simple answer is that congressional Republicans  last harebrained attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act got in the way. A funding bill for CHIP seemed to be well on its way to enactment until a week or so ago. That s when the effort to pass the egregious Cassidy-Graham repeal bill sucked all the air out of the legislative room.This is obviously an unacceptable situation, and Rep. Joe Kennedy III (D-MA) isn t taking it laying down. He tweeted out an assault on GOP inaction today, helping keep people aware of the incompetence of their congressional representation:Programs GOP Congress let expire last night-healthcare for low-income kids-Community health centers-Loans for low-income college students  Rep. Joe Kennedy III (@RepJoeKennedy) October 1, 2017And he wasn t the only one who is pissed, either:   If you agree that this is completely unacceptable, contact your representative today and ask why they have not taken action on CHIP.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"October 1, 2017"
 Trump Ally Curt Schilling Blasts ‘Horrifying’ Recovery Efforts In Puerto Rico (VIDEO),"Former Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling, the host of a daily show on Breitbart, and a strong Trump supporter, just bashed the former reality show star over recovery efforts in Puerto Rico after the island was ravaged by Hurricane Maria. Schilling traveled to Puerto Rico to assist with relief efforts, and said the destruction looks like looks like  an atom bomb that didn t take the bodies. These are Americans,  Schilling said on Fox & Friends Sunday.  If this were Houston, Texas there d be 55,000 soldiers on this island right now. All have said that the president did everything in a pace that they ve never seen before as far as him releasing money and releasing assets into these theaters,  Schilling said.  The execution on the ground has been horrifying in some cases. I m a student of military history. I ve never seen anything like this,  he said, adding that the southeast side of the island is totally destroyed.  There are towns that are gone. I ve seen the best and the worst of humanity in the last 48 to 72 hours, and it s terrifying,  Schilling continued.Watch: If this was Texas there d be 55,000 soldiers in PR  the execution has been horrifying.    Curt Schilling, on Fox pic.twitter.com/8rKOWeWH1Z  justin kanew (@Kanew) October 1, 2017Trump and the First Lady will travel to Puerto Rico on Tuesday, two weeks after the U.S. territory was destroyed, leaving American citizens without food, water, medical care, and electricity. Trump is on his second golfing vacation since disaster struck the island.The former MLB pitcher was such a strong supporter of Trump s that in 2016 during the campaign, he held a Trump  rally  but hardly anyone showed up. To be on the generous side, maybe about 12 people attended his event.Still yet, somehow Trump got into power as America elected its abusive boyfriend to lead the most powerful country on Earth, so here we are with the biggest bully on the Internet holding the highest seat in the land as he lashes out at the devastated island, and the mayor of San Juan, all while he s playing golf at his luxury golf club.Image via screen capture.",News,"October 1, 2017"
" Trump Lashes Out At Puerto Ricans, Calls Them ‘Ingrates’ In Self-Congratulatory Tweets","Again, these are AMERICAN citizens he is talking about.If Donald Trump had treated Texas and Florida the way he is treating Puerto Rico right now, there would be riots in the streets and massive protests in front of the White House.But apparently, people don t seem to understand that the people of Puerto Rico are American citizens who should be given the same respect and treatment that Texans and Floridians received after hurricanes slammed their states.Trump has not done that so far. Not only was he too slow in responding because he focused more on trying to force NFL players to stand during the national anthem, he has not sent nearly enough troops or equipment or supplies to Puerto Rico. And he is insulting them to add insult to injury.Trump has taken to Twitter to constantly brag about the recovery operation despite his response being worse than President George W. Bush s response to Hurricane Katrina. Puerto Rico was devastated by two Category 5 hurricanes, yet less water and food has been sent to the island.When Trump s administration tried to frame the disaster as a  good news story,  San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz fired back by pointing out that people are dying. Trump threw a temper tantrum in response and suggested that Puerto Ricans are lazy people who won t help themselves.On Sunday morning, Trump lashed out again. While bragging about the recovery effort as if it s the best recovery effort in history, Trump congratulated himself and called Puerto Ricans who criticize the weak effort  ingrates. We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 1, 2017 people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 1, 2017 for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 1, 2017Again, Trump s response to the crisis in Puerto Rico could be much better and it s certainly not as good as he thinks it has been. Furthermore, Trump insulted Puerto Ricans again. While Mayor Cruz is working to save lives, Trump is busy golfing and rage-tweeting. He is enraged because he thinks brown people should be grateful for what little help he has provided. That s a totally unacceptable way to treat American citizens. Period.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",News,"October 1, 2017"
 Trump Tries Shaming NFL With Video Of Hockey Fans Standing For Anthem And Humiliates Himself,"After an epic Twitter tantrum in which he yelled at Puerto Rico for being knocked down by two hurricanes and cried giant crocodile tears about  fake news,  Trump decided he d try shaming the NFL with a video from an NHL game. At that game, the audience stands up and sings the national anthem. One might think that this just happened, but it didn t. The video in question is almost a year old.19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem?? pic.twitter.com/czutyGaMQV  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 1, 2017The original video is on NHL on NBC Sports  Facebook page, dated Nov. 9, 2016. The day after the election that gave us this walking shitshow to begin with. Why does this matter? Because Trump is still going on about NFL players kneeling during the anthem on Twitter. Earlier today, in the midst of all the ranting about nobody giving him his due credit for the farce of a relief effort in Puerto Rico, he tweeted this:Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017He brought the issue into sharp relief last week when he went on a tear about  disrespect  to the flag and called on NFL owners to fire players who won t stand. Many NFL players retaliated by kneeling, the Pittsburgh Steelers didn t even come out of the locker room, and many owners issued statements rebuking Trump in one way or another.So Trump, in an attempt to shame what the NFL is doing now, shares a video that s a year old. In truth, the NHL seems rather split on how they feel about kneeling during the national anthem. There are, however, several players and coaches who believe it s everyone s right to protest how they see fit, as part of the First Amendment. Trump just embarrassed the hell out of himself.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"October 1, 2017"
 Donald Trump Congratulates Himself On Winning Election And Asks For Donations While Puerto Ricans BEG For Help,"During a time of national crisis, most presidents focus on helping people in need. But not Donald Trump. Instead, he is sending out mass text messages to stroke his own ego and try to raise money. He keeps telling his fans that if they don t keep donating, their big election upset will all be for naught. Here are the texts he sent to his most ardent fans (and a few people who just subscribe for the lulz):Now, to put this into context, the people of Puerto Rico are literally dying. Trump has, instead of trying to help them, attacked the mayor of San Juan on Twitter for begging for help to save the lives of the Americans who live there, and his disaster response has been abysmal, because, you know, brown people. And now, he sends out lying mass communications pretending that he has helped people and delivered on promises when he has done no such thing. Hell, there is plenty of evidence that there was even a point in time when Trump didn t even realize that the people of Puerto Rico are American citizens.In short, this is a man who is raising money off the backs of suffering and dying people, and using the protests of NFL players who want to use their platforms to shine a light on the injustices suffered at the hands of law enforcement by people of color to stoke racial divisions in the nation. In fact, there is even evidence that this part of it was planned. MSNBC s Rachel Maddow explains that bit perfectly:Donald Trump s racist, divisive actions are absolutely disgraceful, and people are literally dying on his watch. This man is not a president. He s a racist and a murderer.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 30, 2017"
" Trump Supporter Tries To Burn Steelers Flag, Hilariously Can’t Figure Out Fire (VIDEO)","Trump supporters have been losing their minds over Trump s assault on the NFL, with many abandoning their teams and publicly destroying merchandise they ll have to re-buy in three weeks when their  boycott  fails like so many others. Claiming to be outraged at nonexistent  disrespect to the flag  while crapping all over the freedoms it represents, conservatives are clearly mad at something.One such Trump supporter is in the video below. For as long as I can remember, I ve been a Steelers fan,  she begins.  But I ve been American longer than that. It s unclear how she knows this, considering we ve already established Steelers fandom as the beginning of her memory. Moving on! Coach Tomlin, I read what you said, and the fact you said that  people shouldn t have to make a choice.  What s the difference between making the choice between stupidity and standing for our American flag?  she continues, executing her poorly-rehearsed lines with all the confidence of someone who does not have a single honest friend. What s the choice between stupidity and standing for those who fought and died? And who stand at the stadium that you re at today and protect your sorry ass? It s unclear what she s talking about. She s referencing Mike Tomlin s decision to keep his team in the locker room instead of coming out on the field before last Sunday s game. He made that decision because he did not want to see his team divided. Before the NFL started taking payments from the Department of Defense to promote jingoistic ( patriotic ) themes, it was common practice for teams to remain in the locker room during the anthem. At the high school and college level, many teams still do.The torture continues afterward, her awkward lines paired perfectly with her body language, which closely resembles that of a broken marionette in the care of a drunken puppeteer: Well, from now on, I m done with the Steelers. I stood for you guys, I fought for you guys, I argued for you guys. Living in Maryland! And this is what I get in return? It s unclear when she  fought  for them guys. Perhaps when the quarterback, Roethlisberger, was accused of rape? Or maybe it was that other time he was accused of rape.She then proceeds to melodramatically rip her Steelers shirt off, uncovering   gasp!  a Trump shirt.  Go to hell,  she says,  all of you. The only flag that s going to fly in my house anymore is the United States flag. At this point, although it s not too relevant to the story, I would like to pause and point out that the person filming the camera hates her. They must, right? It s the only reasonable conclusion to draw from the following two facts: 1) This video was filmed vertically, and 2) This video was filmed. Nobody stopped her. Nobody was like  hey, no, maybe you shouldn t post it to the internet. Yet posted it was. It s at this point in the video she begins trying to light the Steelers flag on fire. Not the Steelers flag,  she absentmindedly adds, beginning her struggle with the confusing concept known as fire. Forty arduous, failure-filled seconds later, and she begins talking again, a nearly invisible wisp of smoke curling from the flag. This is just like a rag now, just like your team. A rag,  she says, holding the torn shirt over the smoldering (ish?) flag, trying to get it to light as well. It doesn t. The flag goes out. And then, she drops the shirt on top of it, perhaps finally confronting failure. Go to hell Steelers. Go to hell NFL. Piss off. God bless America. God bless Donald Trump. God bless America. Done,  she finishes.The whole thing sounds like an incoherent Facebook rant that one too many hillbilly cousins liked before ol  trailer park suburbia Sally here got confident and decided it d make a good video.Watch below:Featured image via video screencapture",News,"September 30, 2017"
 Obama’s Head Of Disaster Relief TRASHES Trump’s Response To Puerto Rico (TWEET),"It s no secret that Donald Trump s response to the crisis in Puerto Rico has been nothing but disappointing. While US citizens were begging for disaster relief, Trump was staying at his golf club, turning his back on them. The Washington Post ran a story about Trump s negligence last night, stating that Trump went MIA for four entire days while Puerto Rico suffered, focusing all of his attention on attacking NFL players and North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.After seeing the Washington Post s report, a former Obama administration official lashed out at Trump on Twitter, providing the undeserving POTUS with a much needed reality check   and he didn t hold back as he said Trump  makes me so mad I could spit.  Former US Foreign Disaster Assistance chief Jeremy Konyndyk noted how  damning  the report was and tore the Trump administration a new one. In a massive tweetstorm, Konyndyk gave Trump a lesson he ll never forget:        This is one of the most brutal critiques we ve gotten so far in regards to Trump s handling of Puerto Rico.  Malpractice  is truly a perfect word, because Trump really should have been all over this. It is his duty as POTUS   and yet he has almost completely ignored the situation. People are dying and begging for assistance, and Trump has jetted off to his golf course in New Jersey for the weekend. We cannot think of a more self-centered, irresponsible response to a major crisis that has already resulted in the loss of human life. Trump has made it perfectly clear that he doesn t give a damn.America has truly been put in danger with Trump as President of the United States. Puerto Rico proves that he is unfit to lead a country and be responsible for the lives of its citizens.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",News,"September 30, 2017"
" While Americans In Puerto Rico Are Dying, Trump Is Golfing And Tweeting","Hurricane Maria is the worst natural disaster to befall the island of Puerto Rico in nearly a hundred years. Homes are destroyed, families displaced, and an already-suffering infrastructure has been wiped out. Nearly the entire island is without power and more than 1.5 million citizens have no access to clean water, even to drink. And while the people of Puerto Rico are desperate for help and they are dying, Donald Trump has been golfing.That sounds horrible, and it is. It is fucking horrible.It s not new, it s not surprising, and it seems at this point to almost be intentional. There are some who believe his inattention is intentional, and it s pretty hard to disagree.Besides the fact that Trump was nearly a week late in even addressing the horror in Puerto Rico, he couldn t seem to stay focused while there were any football games on television   he can t stop tweeting about players sitting or kneeling during the national anthem. And now that he has turned his attention in at least a nominal way to the people of Puerto Rico, he is furious that anyone would be criticizing his response to the disaster.How can people help but criticize? When the hurricane made landfall, Trump promised all the federal resources the island could want, and understandably, that made people expect him to do that. But then he and his inner circle were invisible for four straight days, including   you guessed it   going on a golf weekend in New Jersey. He didn t take a single meeting about Puerto Rico while he was in Bedminster that weekend, instead dedicating 100 percent of his non-golf time to NFL tweets.Now Trump has a club in his hand again. It s not like he doesn t know how insensitive and irresponsible it looks to go golfing while there s an emergency happening. It s been scarcely more than a year since he criticized Barack Obama for doing just that:President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 23, 2016The Mayor of Puerto Rico s capital city, San Juan, has been on television literally begging for help. The average human can survive for three days without drinking water. It took four days for him to even stop tweeting about football players.They are dying, and it could have been stopped.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"September 30, 2017"
 Trump Throws A Hissy Fit At His Golf Course As Criticism Over Puerto Rico Response Grows,"The people of Puerto Rico, who are American citizens, are dying. Yet Donald Trump is whining from his golf course like he s the victim.It has been ten days since Puerto Rico was devastated by Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria, but Trump is only just responding to the tragedy. In fact, Trump spent more time bashing the NFL than he has talked about Puerto Rico. And then he excused his slow response by blaming it on the ocean and  big water. Trump and his team have insisted that all is well in Puerto Rico and that it s really a  good news story. That infuriated San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz, who slammed the Trump Administration by pointing out that this is a  people are dying story. On Saturday morning from his luxury golf course, which is the second time he has gone golfing since Puerto Rico was hit, Trump attacked Cruz and suggested the people of Puerto Rico should help themselves.The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017 Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017 want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017That s right. Trump literally said this about AMERICAN CITIZENS.Trump then praised the military and attacked the media for reporting accurately on the response and suggested that he is the real victim.The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to  get Trump.  Not fair to FR or effort!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R s. Shame!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017But even Lt. Gen. Jeff Buchanan, whom the Pentagon put in charge of the military response, says that Trump has not sent enough troops or equipment to Puerto Rico.And the fact is that Trump was slow to respond to Puerto Rico s needs, and even had the gall to complain about the island s debt while are suffering due to lack of drinking water, homelessness, and no electrical power.Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017 It s old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017 owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities   and doing well. #FEMA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017It should be pointed out that Florida and Texas have higher debt than Puerto Rico does, but you never heard Trump complain about those two states. Could it be because he does consider Puerto Ricans American citizens?Trump really should stop throwing temper tantrums. It only gives people more reason to post gifs like this one:Leader of the Free World #Merkel will head back to Germany&confer w/#NATO allies. #ComradeTrump heads to #MaraLago pic.twitter.com/2CDM714z7S  Miss Myrtle (@MissMyrtle2) March 17, 2017Featured Image: Ian MacNicol/Getty Images",News,"September 30, 2017"
 Neo-Nazi Website Loses Its Domain AGAIN And Its Nazi Owner Is Losing His Damn Mind,"Poor Andrew Anglin, the Nazi behind the website the Daily Stormer. He just can t catch a break. U.S. web hosts, along with Google, decided to drop his site after the Charlottesville riot because he mocked Heather Heyer, who was murdered there by a white supremacist. Ever since then, he s bounced the site from country to country, trying to find someone who will have him. The Daily Stormer has been shut down in China and Albania, and appeared on a Russian domain for a few hours but even Russia wasn t having it. Most recently, Anglin has had his website on a domain registered in Iceland, and Iceland just became the latest country to shut him down.Iceland has pretty stringent hate speech laws, but that s not why they shut him down. According to the Reykjavik Grapevine, ISNIC, the registry company for .is domains, shut him down over a different violation of their terms of service. Jens Petur Jensen, the CEO of ISNIC, said: Our terms of service are very clear. All registrants must provide proof of who they are, and where they are physically located. [Daily Stormer founder Andrew Anglin] doesn t want to do that. Anglin is afraid that Jensen will share his information with Icelandic authorities, who will then share it with U.S. authorities. Anglin is in trouble with the law here for harassing and threatening a Jewish woman in Ohio. Jensen told the Grapevine that he would, in fact, do exactly what Anglin is scared of.Anglin, meanwhile, is crying about this over on Gab, an ad-free social media network that appears to work like Twitter. And he s completely lost control. It would be hilarious if it weren t so sad:Gee, one might think he wouldn t have to worry about any of this if he weren t spreading hate speech and propaganda. Or harassing and threatening people. But that s ridiculous. Anglin is a Nazi, and like all the Nazis and KKK members and other white supremacists, hate is in his blood. Our hearts bleed pink carbonated peanut butter for the fact that he s having trouble keeping his website up.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images and Gab",News,"September 30, 2017"
" Trump Is Too Incompetent To Handle Disaster On An Island, But Obama Handled One Just Fine","Trump has spent an awful lot of time whining about Puerto Rico being an island with a devastated infrastructure, claiming that s the reason our relief effort has been so slow and disorganized: The response and recovery effort probably has never been seen for something like this. This is an island surrounded by water. Big water. Ocean water. He also said: This is a thing called the Atlantic Ocean. This is tough stuff. Gee, these complaints are reminiscent of when he said nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated. With this administration,  It s really difficult, we re doing all we can,  is code for,  I don t really care about this at all unless I can find a way to make myself look good here. But are we really having problems because Puerto Rico is an island, making it different than Florida and Texas, which were also devastated by hurricanes? Current evidence suggests otherwise: Supplies are just sitting in shipping containers there because there are too few truck drives, and too many blocked roads. One has to wonder why we don t have more personnel there helping the Puerto Rican government to clear the roads so that supply lines can reopen and we can help get those supplies to where they re most needed. One person even said that the personnel who are there just seem to be modeling their uniforms. That suggests we have a lot of people who don t know what they re supposed to be doing on the ground there. That would be a failure on our part, not Puerto Rico s.But then there s how Obama handled natural disasters on islands. In 2010, Haiti, which is practically next door to Puerto Rico in the Caribbean (not the Atlantic Ocean), suffered an absolutely devastating earthquake. Despite the fact that we had no warning for that quake (we had plenty of warning for Maria), President Obama mobilized our military  as if it were going to war,  according to the Washington Post. Within two days, we had 8,000 troops on their way to the disaster-stricken country.In less than two weeks, we had 22,000 troops on the ground; 300 military helicopters dropping supplies, and 33 Navy ships aiding the relief effort. Eight days after Maria swept over Puerto Rico, we only had 4,400 troops working relief there, along with 1,000 members of the Coast Guard. Only 50 choppers were working to deliver supplies.The morning after Haiti s quake, Obama told the military that they were  going to respond in Port-au-Prince robustly and immediately, and that gave the whole government clarity of purpose.  Rajiv Shah, who led USAID when the earthquake struck, said: We were able to move more quickly in a foreign country, and with no warning because it was an earthquake, than a better-equipped agency was able to do in a domestic territory. The Posse Comitatus Act places limits on what the military can do in a state or territory, and by contrast, Haiti is a foreign country. Our military response would be considerably different just because of that. But there were over 17,000 troops from 23 states on the ground in Florida after Irma. And the administration keeps saying that Puerto Rico isn t asking for very much, despite residents running out of food, drinkable water and other supplies, and San Juan s mayor breaking down over the Trump administration saying the response has been good.There are complicating factors, it s true. But this is a level of apathy and ineptitude we can t have from the White House when responding to disasters, particularly those where people are dying. Obama showed that being an island is a lot less of a factor in relief efforts than this administration is claiming.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla and Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"September 29, 2017"
 Trump’s HHS Secretary Stole Over $1 Million From Taxpayers And Now He’s Unemployed,"Donald Trump ran and won on a platform of  drain the swamp.  He supposedly meant that Washington was corrupt, and that nobody in the establishment could be trusted. However, he has run the swampiest of Washington swamps that America has seen since the Watergate scandal with President Richard Nixon. Case in point- his Health and Human Services Secretary, Tom Price, being mired in scandal for taking hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of trips around the nation and world in private jets on the taxpayer dime. He has sworn, now that he is caught, to pay back every dime to taxpayers over this scandal of luxury, but that was never true. Taxpayers paid over a million dollars for these trips, but we re only getting reimbursed for Tom Price s personal seats.Well, it seems that the news coverage has gotten the best of Price, because we all know how much The Donald wants to be loved by cable news. As such, the news coverage made Trump and his administration put more pressure on Price, and that pressure has worked. Tom Price has now resigned as Health and Human Services Secretary.Under all the pressure from the public and the press, as per usual, the White House is in hiding. They released a simple statement: Secretary of Health and Human Services Thomas Price offered his resignation earlier today and the President accepted. And, in case you were wondering, no, neither Sarah Huckabee Sanders nor any other Trump Administration official came to a camera to discuss this huge development, which comes on the heels of a humiliating defeat in the FOURTH attempt from the GOP-led Congress and the Trump Administration to repeal the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. All this proves is what Democrats have been saying about Republicans all along   they are corrupt, and they are incapable of change and of governing. Do America a favor next time, folks, and vote BLUE.Featured image via Drew Angerer / Getty Images",News,"September 29, 2017"
 GOP Senator Just Smacked Down The Most Punchable Alt-Right Nazi On The Internet,"The most punchable Alt-Right Nazi on the internet just got a thorough beatdown from Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) on Twitter during an epic tweetstorm. Richard Spencer, the Alt-Right leader who has become a human punching bag, just got the racism smacked out of him by the Republican Senator on Thursday after the white nationalist tweeted that only goober conservatives  blame Russia for  racial divisions  in the United States. Spencer was responding to a tweet Sasse sent out on Wednesday.Sen. Ben Sasse had shared an article regarding Sen. James Lankford (R-Okla.), who explained that Russian internet trolls helped fuel divisions in a controversy which Donald Trump ignited over NFL athletes who choose to kneel rather than stand during the national anthem in protest of racial inequality and police brutality.No one loves American-vs-American fighting more than Putin. His intel agencies stoke both sides of every divide.https://t.co/H6BwjHzokH  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 2017Spencer responded by writing,  In the minds of goober conservatives, the Russians are to blame for racial divisions. In the minds of goober conservatives, the Russians are to blame for racial divisions. https://t.co/CzpGfL6u4M  Richard  ?Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) September 28, 2017Sasse tore into Spencer, calling him a  clown  and one of the  brown-shirt-pajama-boy Nazis. 1/Oh let goobers & nongoobers agree on this: Racists like you are to blame. But Putin's agencies also love using you as their divisive tool https://t.co/DaD4XaNvI5  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 20172/Don t get me wrong: we ll always have brown-shirt-pajama-boy Nazis like you & your lonely pals stoking division. But here s America 101: https://t.co/SboVZmOuu2  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 20173/You don t get America. You said:  You do not have some human right, some abstract thing given to you by God or something like that.  https://t.co/ScXDGFcbGp  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 20174/Actually, that's exactly what America declares we do have: People are the image-bearers of God, created with dignity& inalienable rights. https://t.co/d4orBrHJMw  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 20175/Sadly, you don't understand human dignity. A person's skin, ancestry, and bank balance have nothing to do with their intrinsic value. https://t.co/5JsyVAKQRL  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 20176/This declaration of universal dignity is what America is about. Madison called our Constitution ""the greatest reflection on human nature"" https://t.co/NQluVs1KvA  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 20177/You talk about culture but don't know squat about western heritage which sees people not as tribes but as individuals of limitless worth https://t.co/VKNvDUXLtT  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 20178/The celebration of universal dignity IS our culture, & it rejects your ""white culture"" crybaby politics. It rejects all identity politics https://t.co/Adlj9AvNPR  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 20179/Sometime after moving back into your parents' basement, you knock-off Nazis fell in love with reheated 20th century will-to-power garbage https://t.co/XDTeATVGSe  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 201710/Your ""ideas"" aren't just hateful, un-American poison they're also just so dang boring. The future doesn't belong to your stupid memes. https://t.co/bNHSlf1uOx  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 201711/11Get a real job, Clown. Find an actual neighbor to serve. You'll be happier.Have a nice day. https://t.co/ToREd7VwDM  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) September 28, 2017Jake Tapper weighed in to say,  Wherein a piece of garbage is thrown into a receptacle with grace and artistry. Wherein a piece of garbage is thrown into a receptacle with grace and artistry https://t.co/L09bBy8gHh  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) September 28, 2017This is how Donald Trump should have responded to the violent rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, which, by the way, was organized by Richard Spencer.Spencer previously said that he felt  proud  after Trump blamed  many sides  for the violence at the hate-rally which resulted in the murder of Heather Heyer, and left at least 19 others injured. Spencer is one of Trump s  very fine people  who just got smacked down on Twitter by a Republican.You don t have to like his politics to admire that Sasse was among the Republicans who joined civil rights leaders and Democrats who reacted angrily when Trump said that he condemned  this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides   on many sides. Of course, if Sasse would call out Roy Moore over his bigoted remarks, that would be nice to see, too.Photo: Chip Somodevilla via Getty images.",News,"September 29, 2017"
 Trump Once Laughed About Being More Worried About A Marble Floor Than A ‘Dying’ Man,"Trump, sometimes, is honest about who and what he is   a miserable excuse for a human being. Many of these instances of honesty come from interviews on The Howard Stern Show, which he often visited when he never thought he d actually run for president. One such instance, which can be listened to below, includes him laughing about his refusal to help a man who may have been dying, being more worried, in his words,  about the marble. In a video published by Now This on Facebook, you can hear Trump saying,I was at Mar-A-Lago and we had this incredible ball   the Red Cross Ball. You have all these really rich people. And a man, about 80 years old, a very wealthy man, a lot of people didn t like him   he fell off the stage. This guy falls off, right on his face, hits his head, and I thought he died. And you know what I did? I said  Oh my god, that s disgusting,  and I turned away. I couldn t, you know, he was right in front of me. I turned away. I didn t want to touch him. I felt terrible. You know, beautiful marble floor, didn t look so good. It changed color. It became very red. And you have this poor guy, 80 years old, lying on the floor unconscious, and all of the rich people are turning away,  Oh my god, this is terrible! This is disgusting! Who the hell brags about not having basic human decency? You can watch the video of Trump s outrageous comments below:Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"September 29, 2017"
 New Mexico Is Erasing Actual Science From Their Science Standards," Education standards,  it seems, is now a term fraught with intent. By and large, standards are set by the states that uphold them, with localities left to decide how best to implement those standards through lesson plans, specialized curriculum, and testing. But if you re a voter, you have at some point checked a box on a ballot for someone on a school board, or at the very least a school superintendent. That means that in a time like now, when the phrase  all politics is local  has taken on the most literal meaning you can imagine, local politics can sometimes determine what your children learn.To make matters worse, textbook manufacturers are as subject to political winds   and capitalism   as the next industry. That means they want to produce their books in markets where they can sell the most, which gives big states like California and Texas, whose student populations vastly outmatch those of other states, huge influence over education standards even outside their borders.When a state is reliably  blue,  as California is, that can shake out favorably for proponents of science, history, civics   basically everything where facts are involved. But when a state is more often  red,  as in the case of Texas, it can be bad for those same things.What happens, though, when a state is more  purple,  like New Mexico?We re finding out now. The new science education standards for the southwestern state are raising eyebrows, and that s saying something for a state in which the long-serving Public Education Secretary resigned after 7 years on the job. Hanna Skandera, who was appointed by Republican governor Susana Martinez, had faced intense scrutiny from both Democratic lawmakers and from teachers in the state over previously proposed education reforms.  A through F   grading for young elementary students and a variety of other changes Skandera had sought while serving in the same capacity in Florida under governor Jeb! Bush made her a target of teachers  unions and parent groups across the state.Martinez was very unhappy about the pressure that caused Skandera to resign.But the proposed changes to science in New Mexico were initially based on the Next Generation Science Standards, guidelines released back in 2013 and eventually passed by both chambers of the New Mexico legislature. It was when the proposed changes made it to Governor Martinez  desk that issues arose. She vetoed the bill, citing her authority to properly  vet  the new standards.Now those standards look considerably different than what the legislature passed.Mother Jones outlined some of the changes:Two Democrats in the state, representing Districts 10 and 33, have pointed squarely at Governor Martinez in an op-ed in the Las Cruces Sun-News:During one of the committee hearings, a former member of her staff admitted the reason for the governor s decision.  Toward the end of my tenure at the Public Education Department, I was tasked to edit and change some of the language in the standards to make them politically sanitized. No matter whether changes come from school boards, legislatures, or directly from a governor s office, changes to education standards should never be politicized. Unless this is stopped, New Mexico is just setting a new standard for how other states might politicize them in the future.Featured image via Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images",News,"September 29, 2017"
" WATCH: Adviser Who Wrote Trump’s Tax Plan Says You Will Be Able To Buy A NEW Car For $1,000","Gary Cohn, a Goldman Sachs recruit, now serving as Trump s White House economic adviser and has assets worth $252 million to $611 million, says that under the former reality show star s tax plan you can buy a brand new car for $1,000, but that s not all, folks, In addition to that, you can renovate your entire kitchen for $1,000. And you can buy a UNICORN for just five bucks, and all because Trump is the best person ever!Cohn took the podium to tell voters about all of this good news which has to be for real because Trump is going to MAGA so hard, you ll also be able to take your family on a vacation for $1,000. Are you getting goosebumps, too? If we allow a family to keep another $1,000, they can renovate their kitchen, they can buy a new car, they can take a family vacation,  Cohn said.Maybe Cohn meant you can take your family on a vacay in your basement for $1,000. As for the brand new car and the renovated kitchen, I got nothin .Watch:That time when Gary Cohn who is worth hundreds of millions of dollars says a kitchen renovation costs $1K. Yea.pic.twitter.com/zFn4jtHIoy  Ricky Davila (@TheRickyDavila) September 28, 2017The Internet was not buying it, probably because Mr. Goldman Sachs just told a big fat lie.#1000DollarKitchen pic.twitter.com/g0jNlknPVo  Adil     (@AdilG) September 28, 2017Lol Gary Cohn thinks you can buy a car for $1,000  Militia Etheridge (@MaryEmilyOHara) September 28, 2017""Gary Cohn"" Just ordered my $1,000 Cohn car. pic.twitter.com/m7MEWpXHJq  Oracle (@TruePolTalk) September 28, 2017""What does $1,000 mean? I means they can renovate their kitchen. They can buy a new car.""   Gary Cohn, who apparently shops in the year 1922  Shane Morris (@IamShaneMorris) September 28, 2017Gary Cohn says families can 'renovate their kitchen, buy a new car' with $1,000 in tax savings   pic.twitter.com/pXEaQKxAHf  Michelle Ye Hee Lee (@myhlee) September 28, 2017The car you might be able to buy with that $1,000 Gary Cohn mentioned. pic.twitter.com/B5XQE9y4Mh  Cornelia (@PaladinCornelia) September 28, 2017Trump, his family members, and his Goldman Sachs alumni-filled White House would benefit greatly from his tax plan. People just like Gary Cohn. In fact, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimates that the top 1 percent of Americans would get half of the tax cuts under Trump s plan. By eliminating the estate tax, the plan would benefit Trump, his family, and other wealthy Americans. So, now we know why Trump was so vague during his short speech in Indiana on Wednesday.We re wondering what Mr. Fancy Pants thinks a new house costs. By the way, the estimated average transaction price of a new car or truck in 2015 was $33,560. We re sure that s higher now. Mr. Cohn was only off by $32,560. He was soooo close. Missed it by that much! The average cost to renovate a kitchen is actually $21,797. According to American Express, the average vacation expense per person in the United States is $1,145, or $4,580 for a family of four.Image via screen capture. ",News,"September 28, 2017"
 High Schools Start Caving To Trump – Will Punish Athletes Who Won’t Stand For National Anthem,"As if Trump calling for a private organization to fire people who refuse to stand for the national anthem wasn t bad enough, it now seems that some high schools have decided to follow his dangerous lead. Parkway High School, in Bossier, Louisiana, will start punishing football players who won t stand for the national anthem. They could face less playing time or getting kicked off the team entirely.Waylon Bates, Parkway s principal, says that they  require students to stand in a respectful manner throughout the National Anthem during any sporting event in which their team is participating. Failure to comply will result in loss of playing time and/or participation as directed by the head coach and principal. Continued failure to comply will result in removal from the team. Parkway High School is committed to creating a positive environment for sporting events that is free of disruption to the athletic contest or game. And it has begun.High schools are now following Trump s order.Will kick off any players who don t stand during the National Anthem. pic.twitter.com/lfNWyW7z5f  Shaun King (@ShaunKing) September 28, 2017CBS News says that Bates is trying to keep politics out of his schools athletics. He accomplished the exact opposite with this letter, though. In fact, there s a chance now that this will only spur black athletes and their allies to do exactly what Bates does not want them doing.Evidently, the Louisiana High School Athletic Association allows schools to set their own rules about this kind of thing, so other high schools may or may not follow suit here. But the school doesn t seem to care about anything except forcing students to worship the flag. This is one of the replies to Shaun King s tweet:Called them- said constitution doesn t apply to extracurricular activities. Seriously- they said that.  td_port (@td_port) September 28, 2017Too bad for the school that case law seems to be on the side of any students who wish protest, well, anything by not standing for the national anthem. Almost 75 years ago, in the midst of WWII, the Supreme Court delivered a 6-3 decision stating that public school systems cannot require students to salute the flag in West Virginia State Board of Education et al v. Barnette et al. This decision reversed an earlier SCOTUS decision upholding the ability of schools and districts to do that exact thing.This case is generally seen in the context that requiring students to salute the flag can be a violation of religious principles since the plaintiffs were Jehovah s Witnesses. Their religion prohibits them from saluting symbols. The majority opinion, however, barely even mentions religious freedom. Justice Jackson, writing for the majority in West Virginia Board of Ed v. Barnette, tied this to other freedoms protected in the Bill of Rights, rather than making it about religious expression. He held that  freedoms of speech and of press, of assembly, and of worship may not be infringed [on] slender grounds,  and wrote: Censorship or suppression of expression of opinion is tolerated by our Constitution only when the expression presents a clear and present danger of action of a kind the State is empowered to prevent and publish. It would seem that involuntary affirmation could be commanded only on even more immediate and urgent grounds than silence. In this case, Jackson believed that silence didn t  create a clear and present danger that would justify an effort even to muffle expression,  and said: To sustain the compulsory flag salute we are required to say that a Bill of Rights which guards the individual s right to speak his own mind left it open to public authorities to compel him to utter what is not in his mind. Justice Jackson essentially turned the case into one where the government tries to establish its own religion and tries to force its own views onto people; in that case, children. And it could be seen this way in Parkway s case, too, since standing for the national anthem can be considered saluting the flag. The school has delivered an ultimatum to its student athletes: Stand during the national anthem or else.Trump set off a firestorm by calling for NFL owners to fire players who sit or kneel (or stay in the locker room) during the national anthem. Despite the backlash, he s doubled down, and tripled down, and quadrupled down on it, spending a lot of time on Twitter slamming the NFL and completely ignoring the reasons behind the protests (to say nothing of his continued slights to Puerto Rico, which is now in the midst of a humanitarian crisis thanks to back-to-back powerful hurricanes).And now, high schools are starting to weigh in, and it may well be illegal for them to do so. Despite sports being extra-curricular, this is still a school official forcing his students to worship a symbol. And Parkway High School s principal has dragged politics into his athletic program with an ill-advised letter violating the First Amendment rights of students.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"September 28, 2017"
" Trump’s Press Secretary Falls Apart, Exposes His Lie About Obamacare Vote (VIDEO)","Anyone who is faced with the unfortunate task of defending Donald Trump s many lies and erratic behavior eventually crumbles. We saw this with former White House press secretary Sean Spicer, and we re seeing it again with current press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.Earlier today, Huckabee Sanders fell apart in front of reporters as she tried to redirect the conversation about Trump s false claim that the Senate has enough votes to replace the Affordable Care Act. When a reporter grilled her on Graham-Cassidy, the GOP s latest health care disaster, Huckabee Sanders practically admitted that Trump had been lying the whole time and that the votes were not there. She said: The point that we re making is that we have the votes on the substance, but not necessarily on the process, which is why we are so confident that we can move healthcare forward and get it done in the spring. Huckabee Sanders, like all of Trump s minions, is well-versed in diversion tactics but still couldn t avoid exposing her boss  blatant lie. Trump does not have the votes to pass Graham-Cassidy, and he was lying through his teeth about it. No matter how Huckabee Sanders tried to conceal the truth, it was too obvious to be hidden.Many   including Republicans   already believe that Graham-Cassidy is dead. If the bill can t get enough votes on the process, the bill cannot pass. Trump lied, and this is just another humiliating failure for his administration and the Republican party.You can watch Huckabee Sanders struggle to hold it together below:Trump can t hide his major failures behind his spokespeople anymore, and his lies are wearing thin. The public is giving him far less leniency now as his approval rating continues to dwindle. Trump s team is in big trouble if they keep trying to cover up his lies.Featured image via Win McNamee  / Getty Images",News,"September 28, 2017"
 Wounded Veteran CONDEMNS Trump For Using Him As Prop To Attack NFL Players,"Donald Trump thought he could get away with using military veterans as props to push his political agenda. He was wrong.Marine Staff Sgt. John Jones lost both of his legs in combat in Iraq over ten years ago. In 2007, he sat down for a photograph showing him with the prosthetic legs that allow him to stand and walk.Jones was back in the news this past weekend after Trump shared the photo on Twitter to attack NFL players who kneel during the national anthem.I wonder what this BRAVE American would give to stand on his OWN two legs just ONCE MORE for our #Anthem? #MAGA #NFL pic.twitter.com/3AVqnAlu3F  DONNA WARREN ?? (@DonnaWR8) September 24, 2017As of now, the retweet remains on Trump s Twitter feed.Trump literally exploited a wounded veteran to attack the NFL over protests that have nothing to do with the flag or America s men and women in uniform. The fact is that the NFL players are protesting racial injustice and police brutality. Trump, however, is trying to divide the nation by accusing them of disrespecting the military and the flag.But by using an image of a wounded veteran to push his agenda, Trump opened himself up to being humiliated by those veterans because Jones is very much still alive and able to speak up for himself.And he does not appreciate being used as a political prop to oppose the right to free speech.According to Buzzfeed,Jones says he is sick of military veterans being used as props  to push a political agenda  in the renewed controversy over whether athletes  protests, which they say draw attention to racial discrimination and police brutality, disrespect the military. If you really want to honor the troops, listen to them, he says. Just stop with this sycophantic bullshit and actually do something to support us,  said Jones, who works for Workshops for Warriors, a San Diego nonprofit that has trained more than 400 veterans for skilled manufacturing jobs.  I would want Trump to tweet about that, instead of fueling the fire with the people making 10 million to score a freaking touchdown. And for people (seeing the photo) to say,  Look, he s still standing for this country, and getting veterans good jobs. Jones then went on to defend the NFL players. I ve got my own views about this, but that s why I put the uniform on, so people can do whatever they want in a lawful, peaceful manner. I m sorry, but if you want to know what the real issues are   go to Iraq, or Syria, or Afghanistan, go to places that don t have the freedoms that we have and see how far you get. Protesting during the national anthem is not illegal. In fact, it s protested as free speech and expression by our Constitution. And silently kneeling in protest is peaceful.Even John McCain condemned Trump this week by pointing out that NFL players have the right as citizens to kneel during the national anthem.By using wounded veterans as political props, Trump is the one who is truly disrespecting the military and our nation.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"September 28, 2017"
 BREAKING: Jared Kushner Is Really A Woman And There Are Documents To Prove It,"You know all those times conservatives have said something ridiculous proves President Obama is gay or Michelle Obama is a man? Each time, they say they have  documents  to back their claims and each time they fail. By this logic, we can now state unequivocally that squeaky-voiced Jared Kushner is really a woman   and unlike when conservatives make similar claims, there are actually documents to back this.In fact, Kushner himself admits he is a woman. According to public records, Kushner registered to vote in New York as a woman in 2009.Prior to 2009, he listed his gender as  unknown  in New Jersey. Naturally, people find this hilarious:Might be cuz he just found out Kushner is registered female voter in NY and cannot have dinner with another women if wife not present!?  jc5502 (@jc5502) September 27, 2017Jared Kushner can't figure out the ""Male/Female"" checkbox on his voter registration form but he'll definitely solve the Middle East.  Chris Jackson (@ChrisCJackson) September 27, 2017#Kushner registered to vote as a female. Was this also due to miscommunications with his assistant? https://t.co/7DlpjC2dWI  Walt Kowalski (@KowalskisLawn) September 27, 2017All joking aside, this is just one more example of Kushner having severe problems with properly completing paperwork. He has repeatedly updated his security clearance forms to include meetings and foreign contacts he forgot about entirely   so it s entirely possible he just got his information wrong and thought he was a female.If Kushner actually identifies as a female, that s cool too. We ll just have to change a pronoun when we explain to people that she s a sniveling little weasel bootlicker with no spine who should spend some time in prison.",News,"September 27, 2017"
 WATCH: War Veteran John McCain DESTROYS Draft-Dodger Trump’s Anthem Protest Whining,"John McCain is far more qualified to comment on the NFL anthem protests than Donald Trump.After all, McCain spent over five years as a prisoner of war suffering brutal torture at the hands of his Vietnamese captors.He is a decorated military veteran who served his country and risked his life.Trump, on the other hand, dodged the Vietnam War draft several times, clearly too much of a coward to fight for America. Thousands of others died far away from home while Trump spent his daddy s money and slept around.So when it comes to choosing who we should listen to when it comes to talking about the NFL anthem protests, John McCain is the most credible.On Friday, Trump called NFL players who kneel during the anthem to protest racial injustice  sons of bitches  and called for them to be fired.Over the course of the weekend that followed and into this past Tuesday, Trump repeatedly attacked NFL players on Twitter.If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017 NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 25, 2017The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can t kneel during our National Anthem!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017But ratings for the NFL remained extremely high, and players responded to Trump by kneeling en masse, something that had not happened prior to Trump attacking them and ordering them to stand.It should be pointed out that the government cannot force anyone to stand for the national anthem, just like the government can t force kids to say the Pledge of Allegiance. Hell, even flag-burning is protected free speech, therefore, so is kneeling.Also, players are not kneeling to disrespect the flag. They are doing so to protest racial injustice.And in one short sentence, John McCain obliterated Trump s whining. That s their right to do what they want as citizens,  McCain told TMZ when asked about the protest.Here s the video via YouTube.Let s keep in mind that Donald Trump himself has repeatedly disrespecting military veterans. During the campaign, he said that McCain is not a war hero because he got captured. Trump also insulted a Gold Star family whose son was killed while courageously saving the lives of his fellow soldiers.Silently kneeling during the national anthem is not disrespectful at all. These NFL players are shedding light on injustice in this country. An injustice that goes against everything the American flag is supposed to stand for. This protest is not about the troops or the flag as Trump claims. It s about injustice and the right to protest against it.Featured Image: Steve Pope/Getty Images",News,"September 27, 2017"
 Trump Is So Embarrassed His Candidate Lost He’s Deleting Tweets And Praying You’ll Forget,"Donald Trump went all in for his man Luther Strange. I mean, he tweeted   in between other pressing matters, of course   at least a dozen times in support of the incumbent Senator in Alabama.Or at least, Strange was the incumbent, until former Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court and all-around douchebag Roy Moore beat him in a runoff primary last night.Trump did everything but attach himself at the hip to Strange, for a reason I ll get into in a minute. But it just wasn t enough to overcome Moore, who was backed by Trump s former right-hand man Steve Bannon, as well as a bevy of other prominent dumbass conservatives. Sarah Palin, Sebastian Gorka, Laura Ingraham and even Sean Hannity lent their support to the ultra-conservative Moore, while simultaneously being careful to tell voters that a vote against Strange wasn t a vote against Donald Trump. Bannon went so far as to say that a vote for Moore was a vote for Trump.They understand something that the president doesn t, and it s this I was alluding to as the reason Trump rolled so deep with Luther Strange. Donald Trump knows he has some kind of power over his supporters, but he doesn t know what it is. He honestly believes that he can make them do whatever he wants them to do and that they will do it happily. And above all, he believes that he is infallible in his decisions.Trump has it all backwards.In reality, it is Donald Trump who does the bidding of his fans. It s because he literally has no idea what he s doing. He has zero experience in politics. He doesn t know or even care what the people of Alabama think about or want in a Senate candidate. Let me put this plainly:If Donald Trump thought that a man like Roy Moore, who was removed from the Supreme Court of Alabama only by outside forces; who never lost the support of his constituents; who is literally the Bible-thumping, gay-hating, end-times preaching Senator that the most redneck state in America has been dreaming about since Reconstruction was going to lose this election to a career politician, well  He s a whole lot dumber than any of us give him credit for.Trump s candidate lost because he was always going to lose. Trump himself lost because he had no idea. Prior to the election, Trump was so confident of his star power and Strange s ability to win by association that he hadn t bothered to learn Moore s first name.And one thing Donald J. Trump doesn t do is lose gracefully. The president went on a deleting spree of tweets he had posted in support of Strange. He was so angry that he couldn t even remember when the general election was being held in Alabama, so when he congratulated Moore after his win, he even had to delete the first draft of that:Trump has, of course, quieted down. Unfortunately for him, the slew of tweet deletions, which may actually be illegal, just makes his timeline look like literally all he can think about is big black men on their knees.As long as nobody s sitting down during the national anthem, I suppose.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"September 27, 2017"
 Trump Is So Bad Hillary Is Telling Him How To Be President And He’s Doing What She Says,"President Donald Trump has had some strong words for his fiercest political rival, Hilary Clinton, over the years, including having his supporters to chant  Lock her up!  at his political rallies, but now it seems that Trump has bitten off a little more than he can chew with this whole  President  thing and needs all the advice he can get   Even if it comes from Clinton. To make matters more amusing, he is actually acting on what she says!As the carnage from Hurricane Maria becomes more evident, President Trump has been a little too preoccupied with perpetually tweeting abound NFL players not standing for the National Anthem, while hardly acknowledging the fact that American lives are in danger after a enduring a week without electricity or clean water in Puerto Rico. On Sunday, Hillary Clinton had had enough of this madness and took to what she assumed was the only platform for getting Trump s attention directly, Twitter, to deliver a very direct message to the President of the United States:President Trump, Sec. Mattis, and DOD should send the Navy, including the USNS Comfort, to Puerto Rico now. These are American citizens. https://t.co/J2FVg4II0n  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 24, 2017Clinton s call for action initially took place on change.org when she set up a petition that received 100,000 signatures in just three days, with critics showing their frustration with the hashtag #SendtheComfort. Both the hashtag and Clinton s tweet specifically mention the USNS Comfort, a hospital ship and, in what could be a simple twist of irony, although that is highly unlikely, Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Brock Long announced that that was exactly what the Navy was going to do just two days after Clinton s plea. We re dramatically increasing the federal footprint that s there,  Long said outside the White House, a motion later confirmed by the Navy.Trump himself commented on the difficulty of getting aide to Puerto Rico, but it really didn t sound as if he knew much about the place, let alone where it is, but still claimed that officials were  doing a really good job. It s very tough because it s an island,  Trump said.  In Texas, we can ship the trucks right out there. And you know, we ve gotten A-pluses on Texas and on Florida, and we will also on Puerto Rico. But the difference is, this is an island sitting in the middle of an ocean. And it s a big ocean; it s a very big ocean. The move to send the USNS Comfort came after days of criticism aimed at the US government for failing to truly offer any aide in Puerto Rico, a US territory of almost 3.5 million people, in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. Large areas of Puerto Rico face months without power and as well as having an exceptionally long rebuilding process ahead of them.President Trump plans to visit the area next week.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 27, 2017"
" The Worst Possible Person Just Won Alabama’s Runoff For U.S. Senate, And It’s All Trump’s Fault","Alabama s Republican runoff election for Jeff Sessions  vacant Senate seat has come to its end, and the candidate that will go up against Democrat Doug Jones in December s general election is none other than Roy Moore. Moore is the former chief justice of Alabama s state Supreme Court, and he s the one who ordered all of Alabama s probate judges to defy the U.S. Supreme Court s ruling on same-sex marriage in 2013.But Moore wasn t Donald Trump s candidate. Luther Strange, who has been holding Sessions  seat, was the man backed by Trump. In fact, Trump was at a political rally for Strange last Friday when he called for NFL players who kneel during the national anthem to be fired. The president s endorsement usually helps a candidate, yet it s Moore who just won. Here s a little background on Moore: He was yanked from the Alabama Supreme Court s bench in 2003 for refusing to remove a massive monument to the Bible s 10 Commandments from the grounds of the courthouse. That s considered a violation of the First Amendment since it constitutes a government endorsement of one religion.In 2012, Moore won his job back, then called same-sex relationships  sodomy,  and decried the immorality of it all in the wake of the Supreme Court legalizing same-sex marriage across all 50 states. He wanted to bar Democratic Rep. Keith Ellison from serving in office because he s a Muslim, and he accused Obama of using our military for social experiments (including wiping out  don t ask, don t tell  and allowing transgender individuals to serve).He has also defended Putin because Putin seems to agree with him on the issue of LGBTQ rights. One might think that would earn him Trump s endorsement, but somehow, it didn t.All of that should have made this election a tossup given conservatives  current love of Trump, but it didn t. Moore was polling ahead of Strange pretty much the entire time. Why?Well, Trump, for starters. That buffoon endorsed Luther Strange and bragged about it all over Twitter, up to and including through today. He boasted that Strange s numbers had skyrocketed since his endorsement, but according to NBC News, Trump s endorsement actually pushed people towards Moore. Trump won Alabama by double digits last year, but it seems they re souring towards him now.That makes this Trump s fault, at least partly. Voters claimed that his endorsement didn t affect them one way or another, but those who were influenced by Trump said he pushed them away from Strange. What that means is that some Republican voters chose Moore because Trump backed the other candidate.That s a massive blow to Trump. Maybe Alabama voters are ashamed of Trump, and they d have good reason to feel that way. For instance, speaking on the  Rick and Bubba  radio show, which is based out of Birmingham, Trump said: Luther Strange is going to be a great Senator. He loves Alabama, he loves the states and he loves the country. He will absolutely win against the Democrat.Ray will have a hard time. If Luther wins, the Democrats will hardly fight. If Ray wins, [Democrats] will pour in $30 million. Moore s first name is Roy. When Rick Burgess, one of the show s hosts, pointed out that he d gotten Roy s name wrong, Trump actually said that it s not a good sign if the president doesn t know his name. Then he said: I don t know that much about Roy Moore. Roy Moore is going to have a very hard time getting elected against the Democrat.Against Luther they won t even fight. When news of Moore s win came out, Trump tweeted the following:As noted above, the general election is December 12. That tweet has since been deleted, and replaced with one noting the correct month for the general.Where is Trump s influence, then? Rosie Gray of The Atlantic said: The outcome of the special election primary will help answer the question of  who is more influential with Trump s base: Trump himself, or the constellation of powerful voices on the right to whom base voters listen and who are supporting Moore? Well, it seems that Trump doesn t have the influence he thinks he does. Especially given that Strange was likely a far better candidate for Senate than Moore ever could be. Moore is an absolute disaster. He s a danger to the U.S., and in deep-red Alabama, there s very little chance that a Democrat can win Sessions  Senate seat. And Trump s endorsement of Strange is partly responsible for this. He s a blight on the GOP and a blight on the nation as a whole. He s dangerous, and Moore s election is evidence of that.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 26, 2017"
 Loser Trump Fails Miserably Again As ‘Monday Night Football’ Ratings Soar,"Wow, it s like a  president  can t even get a boycott going anymore. Donald Trump tried to launch a boycott on the NFL over black athletes who choose to kneel instead of stand during the national anthem in protest of racial inequality and police brutality. Trump wasn t having any of that, so he took to his Twitter account after calling the African-American athletes  sons of bitches,  to promote a boycott. Conservatives have never been very good at boycotts anyway.The Cowboys versus Cardinals game featured Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones taking a knee in solidarity with his players. Pushing things even further, Trump tweeted that he heard boos from the crowd. The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard,  Trump tweeted.  Great anger. The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017Instead of addressing the devastation in Puerto Rico, Trump has been on a mission to attack athletes. Even this morning, Trump called for banning the practice of kneeling.The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017He has called out the NFL over its ratings, but he really should worry about his own dismal approval ratings.Shareblue reports: This is a huge victory for MNF after a day and full weekend of coverage of the U.S. President openly criticizing protesting athletes, calling some  sons of bitches,  noted the Hollywood Reporter. That big increase Monday night meant that ratings for the league s entire slate of games during the Trump controversy were up compared to last year s Week 3.The Cowboys versus Cardinals match-up posted a massive rating boost, with 63 percent more viewers tuning in. The Dallas Cowboys  28-17 victory over the Arizona Cardinals earned a 9.3 overnight rating according to Nielsen, according to ESPN.Instead of a big wall on our southern border, fences are being mended. Instead of giving healthcare to all Americans, Trump tried to take it away from millions and that, too, failed. Trump promised to have Hillary Clinton locked up, but instead, he s found himself plagued with scandals. Hell, Trump can t even get a boycott going.Image via Twitter ",News,"September 26, 2017"
 Trump Will Be Furious Because The IRS Is Sharing Info With Special Counsel Mueller,"CNN is now reporting that, after months of confusion over the scope of the investigation into Russian election interference, the IRS is now working with Special Counsel Robert Mueller and his team. The IRS had previously also balked at the no-knock raid on former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort s home at the beginning of August.Those concerns are clearly resolved at this point, as the independent government tax agency is now voluntarily sharing information with Mueller s squad.Mueller and the IRS worked jointly with the Treasury Department to come to an agreement over the matter, which was in question because of the specifics of Assistant Attorney General Rod Rosenstein s written order for the special counsel, which allowed for Mueller to look into  any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation.  Mueller s interpretation of that order included years of tax filings, as possible evidence of financial crimes.According to CNN, the IRS had already been working with the FBI on a probe of Manafort before the election, sending criminal investigators to look into potential tax evasion and money laundering. The IRS is also sharing information with Mueller about Michael Flynn, although it is uncertain if Flynn was being investigated for anything similar prior to November.To be perfectly clear, the IRS s previous objections to the Manafort raid were not over its propriety, but whether or not it would interfere with their own investigation of Manafort, whose dealings with former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych made him suspect in almost every way back here on American soil. IRS agents declined to participate in the raid, which Mueller elected to go ahead with using only FBI agents for assistance. Once inside, the team gathered up tax and other financial documents, which have since prompted Mueller s team to warn Manafort that they intend to charge him with tax and financial crimes.All of this, of course, brings back the question of whether or not Robert Mueller will have   or whether he already does have   access to Donald Trump s tax returns. There is little doubt that if the investigation turns up evidence of financial crimes committed by either Manafort or Flynn, the next logical place to look for evidence of collusion is in Trump s own returns.And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the last thing Donald Trump wants.Featured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",News,"September 26, 2017"
 One Republican Senator Is So Fed Up With Trump He’s Retiring In 2018,"Donald Trump has been a thorn in Senator Bob Corker s side for quite some time, but especially since the mess that was The Donald s disgraceful response to the deadly racist violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. After Trump offered a defense of the neo-Nazis, Klansmen, and white supremacists, Corker said:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla via Getty images",News,"September 26, 2017"
 Four Star General Blisters Trump Over NFL Anthem-Tantrums: ‘Put Me Down With Kaepernick’,"A backlash has ensued after Donald Trump launched a war against black athletes who choose to sit rather than stand during the national anthem in protest of racial inequality and police brutality. Gen. Michael Hayden, a retired United States Air Force four-star general, who served in the military for 39 years, penned a column which savages the former reality show star over his NFL Twitter tantrums. At first, Hayden wasn t  enthusiastic  about throwing his support behind Colin Kaepernick, the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback who started the silent protest of kneeling during the anthem.Hayden, who served as national security adviser and head the CIA after he left the military, wrote that the issues Kaepernick raised  were both real and sincerely held. But then Trump crossed the line when he spoke to a crowd in deep red Alabama and called black athletes who kneel  sons of bitches.  Hayden wrote that it s  the way he has previously treated other groups like Mexicans (murderers and rapists), intelligence professionals (Nazis), immigrants (deeply unfair), refugees (dangerous), and Muslims (they hate us). As a 39-year military veteran, I think I know something about the flag, the anthem, patriotism, and I think I know why we fight,  he wrote.  It s not to allow the president to divide us by wrapping himself in the national banner. I never imagined myself saying this before Friday, but if now forced to choose in this dispute, put me down with Kaepernick. Trump lashes out at everyone, especially minorities in order to rile up his base. He literally loves conflict and chaos. When you elect a former reality show star to lead the most powerful country on earth, you re begging for controversy and that s what Trump s base wants. Trump had zero political experience for the job he seems to loathe so much and yet, here he is. Trump uses his Twitter account to divide the nation, and sometimes to try to start a war.After Trump is out of office, we re really going to have to  Make America Great Again  but it will take years to correct all of the harm he s done to this country.Photo: Alex Wong via Getty Images",News,"September 26, 2017"
" Trumpcare Is Officially Dead, Senator Collins Confirms She’s Voting No","Graham-Cassidy, the latest and worst in a line of Republican healthcare bills collectively dubbed  Trumpcare,  looks dead. Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) just joined Senators John McCain (R-AZ) and Rand Paul (R-KY) as one of the few to break party lines and refuse to vote for the bill. While not everyone is against the bill for the best of reasons, Susan Collins could not have been more clear about the many issues she had with the legislation.Here s her statement: First, both proposals make sweeping changes and cuts in the Medicaid program. Expert projections show that more than $1 trillion would be taken out of the Medicaid program between the years 2020 and 2036. This would have a devastating impact to a program that has been on the books for 50 years and provides health care to our most vulnerable citizens, including disabled children and low-income seniors.Second, both bills open the door for states to weaken protections for people with pre-existing conditions, such as asthma, cancer, heart disease, arthritis, and diabetes. Some states could allow higher premiums for individuals with pre-existing conditions, potentially making their insurance unaffordable. States could also limit specific categories of benefits for Affordable Care Act policies, such as eliminating coverage for mental health or substance abuse treatment.Third, physicians, patient advocates, insurers, and hospitals agree that both versions of this legislation would lead to higher premiums and reduced coverage for tens of millions of Americans.The CBO s analysis on the earlier version of the bill, incomplete though it is due to time constraints, confirms that this bill will have a substantially negative impact on the number of people covered by insurance.There has been some discussion that the new version of the bil includes additional money for my home state of Maine. The fact is, Maine still loses money under whichever version of the Graham-Cassidy bill we consider because the bills use what could be described as a  give with one hand, take with the other  distribution model. Huge Medicaid cuts down the road more than offset any short-term influx of money. But even more important, if Senators can adjust a funding formula over a weekend to help a single state, they could just as easily adjust that formula to hurt that state. This is simply not the way that we should be approaching an important and complex issue that must be handled thoughtfully and fairly for all Americans. There you have it   Susan Collins just hammered the final nail into Trumpcare s coffin.On September 30th, a special rule allowing Republicans to pass legislation with only a simple majority (50 votes and a tiebreak) will expire. After that, any healthcare legislation that Republicans want to pass will have to get at least eight Democrats on board.Republicans can t govern or even get their own party to agree, so good luck with that.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 26, 2017"
 ‘We Know Where You Live’: Trump-Loving Terrorist Threatens All Who Attack ‘The White Race’ (VIDEO),"Meet James Stachowiak. If he looks familiar, you may remember him as the guy who made headlines for telling his fellow  patriots  to shoot black women and children in the heads if they were seen simply exiting a store during the Ferguson protests. If you re unfamiliar well boy are you in for a treat!Stachowiak has by now cemented himself as one of the dumbest human beings on the internet, on par with right-wing agitator Charles Johnson and  alt-right  fake news creator Jim Hoft. In his latest video, the self-described leader of the  patriot movement  (a phrase synonymous with right-wing terrorist groups) has a threat to issue to those he perceives to be  an-tee-fa  (Antifa in English): if you f*ck with  the white race  you re dead. Since we the patriot movement don t see color, I am now going to pull this mask over my face,  Stachowiak tells his fellow  patriots  as he pulls a red white and blue mask down. The sheepdogs are watching you. 200 million weapons in this country possessed by  We the People,'  Stachowiak says.  12 trillion rounds of ammunition and you people don t even know which bathroom  to use? We grow stronger and more outraged every day. You want to destroy this country and the white race,  Stachowiak adds.  We have news for you. The sheepdogs have one mind. We love our country and we want it back. You will never know who we are,  Stachowiak, who posted the video to Facebook under his real name,  says.  You will never know where we are. He then lays out a plan the  patriot movement  has to lure people they don t like into dark alleys and abandoned buildings to kill them.According to Stachowiak, members of the  patriot movement  are stalking those they think are planning  insurrection  and  gathering intel  to use against them. We will use it against you,  Stachowiak says.  We will create panic in your ranks, fear in your hearts, we will cause you to turn on each other like animals. We know where you live, where you work, where you go to school,  Stachowiak says.  We are looking over your shoulder. The sheepdogs are always watching. We are patriots. We are the new Minutemen. We will defend the flock. We will come for you. There will be no rules of combat or as the military says rules of engagement,  Stachowiak says.  There will be nowhere for you to run, nowhere for you to hide You will lie upon the earth until you are buried in it. Don t worry, though. He s not a terrorist. Just loves his country and stuff.Watch it below:Featured image via screenshot",News,"September 26, 2017"
" The Only Pittsburgh Steeler To Stand For National Anthem Speaks Out, And Trump Fans Will HATE It","Conservatives cheered when Pittsburgh Steeler Alejandro Villanueva, who s also a combat veteran, came out and stood for the national anthem while the rest of the team stayed in the locker room. They won t be happy with what Villanueva has said about it since, though. They think he s just like them, a jingoist among a sport full of traitors to America, and this is really going to ruin that.First off, it doesn t look like Villanueva intended to be defiant this way:Villenueva asked Ben after Sat night meeting if he could be out in front with captains. Agreed to.  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Villenueva turned around when the Bears fan flag came in, he looked back to his teammates,then the anthem started. He couldn t walk out then  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017So it looks like there might have been some miscommunication about what they were doing, or maybe that Villanueva wasn t totally sure what the team had agreed to do.He also said he knew, every time he saw the flag on a fellow soldier s shoulder during a mission, that they were fighting for each other. He also did say,  People die for the flag; there s no way else to put it  There s nothing else that would justify dying for that mission.  (It s likely the mission he meant was whatever mission he and his fellow soldiers were on, rather than the mission of fighting for the flag that Trump fans are glomming onto).But it s what he says about how he feels about what happened that will have Trump fans seething. Seriously:Alejandro Villanueva:  This national anthem ordeal has sort of been out of control, and there s a lot of blame on myself  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Villenueva: I made coach Tomlin look bad, and that is my fault and my fault only. I made my teammates look bad, and that is my fault only  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Alejandro Villanueva:  Unfortunately, I threw (my teammates) under the bus, unintentionally.  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Alejandro Villaneuva:  Every single time I see that picture of me standing by myself, I feel embarrassed.  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Al Villanueva:  For anybody who thinks that Coach Tomlin is not as patriotic as you can get in America  I m offended by that.  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Villanueva:  We as a team tried to figure it out, obviously we butchered it . I m not gonna pretend I have some kind of righteous voice.  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Alejandro Villaneuva:  I will support all my teammates, and all my teammates and all my coaches have always supported me.  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017And then there s this:Villenueva says he  absolutely  would be OK if teammates kneeled or sat during the anthem.  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Al Villanueva says some players who have been kneeling during anthems have approached him after/before games and thanked him for his service  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Al Villenueva:  Every single one of my teammates is extremely supportive and extremely patriotic. I can honestly said that.  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Al Villaneuva:  The team meeting that we had on Saturday night brought the whole team together. Absolutely, We had great conversations.  Chris Adamski (@C_AdamskiTrib) September 25, 2017Trump fans really don t understand why people are so angry at them for whining about professional athletes not standing for the national anthem. The jingoism is dangerously strong among them, along with the cluelessness and blind followership. In fact, many of them are on the above thread and totally, utterly and completely misunderstanding it. They aren t the patriots they believe themselves to be. Not even close.Featured image via Joe Robbins/Getty Images",News,"September 25, 2017"
 Democrat Takes Trump To The Woodshed In Fiery Speech Defending NFL (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is getting absolutely hammered for his recent attacks on NFL players who refuse to stand during the National Anthem in a stand against social injustice. Trump has tried his hardest to pass off those attacks as a defense of patriotism, but most Americans know that Trump is simply trying to mask what are obviously remarks fueled by his own racism   and one Democrat is calling him out for it.Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y., blasted Trump on the House floor on Monday and attacked the undeserving POTUS for his pathetic attacks on athletes such as Stephen Curry, Lebron James and the NFL players. In his powerful, fiery speech, Jeffries asked the question that most of us would like to know:  How dare Donald lecture us on what s patriotic?!  You can watch this epic speech below:Just defended @StephenCurry30 @KingJames @Kaepernick7 on House floor. How dare donald lecture us on what s patriotic?! pic.twitter.com/wfbtDajTLD  Hakeem Jeffries (@RepJeffries) September 25, 2017And that s not the only time Jeffries has spoken out against Trump about the POTUS  recent attacks on athletes. In an interview with CNN, Jeffries called Trump a  racial arsonist  and stated that Trump was causing controversy just to keep his dwindling conservative fan base happy and engaged. Jeffries said: He uses race to advance his own ends. We couldn t have said it better. It is no coincidence that Trump s fan base are practically just white supremacists   who he has repeatedly failed to denounce because he doesn t want to lost the only support he has left. Trump knows that his fans are losing interest and patience after all of his broken campaign promises, so he creates these  scandals  and spews nonsense to distract everyone and remind his racist fans why they voted for him in the first place. Trump s remarks about the NFL are disgusting and deserve to be condemned again and again.Featured image is a screenshot",News,"September 25, 2017"
 Fox News Just Proved Trump Is Using Fake Video To Try To Start War With Iran,"On Saturday, Donald Trump tweeted a dire warning about Iran test-firing a missile, and proclaiming that the country was  working with North Korea,  whatever that means. The tweet was easy to overlook, since it was part of a litany of unhinged rants about Obamacare, Alabama s special election, a basketball player, the National Football League, and his idea of patriotism.Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017Literally 21 minutes later, Trump was back to talking about repealing healthcare for millions of Americans and calling John McCain a coward, and 5 minutes after that, Trump was back to the NFL. Like I said, I don t blame you if you missed it.Thankfully, the tweet is still there. That could come in handy, should anyone decide to do anything about the fact that he was either lying or a complete moron. Or even more disturbingly, that the President of the United States is using fake video to start a war with Iran. Or perhaps Donald Trump simply didn t recognize the exact same footage that he put Iran  on notice  for at the beginning of February:Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017Fox News, the President s very favorite for of media, is now reporting that the  missile launch  that Trump was referring to on Saturday was in fact video from a launch in January. There was no missile fired on Saturday   Iranian media was simply showing what the missile they included in a parade that day was capable of.Conducting international affairs via social media is nothing new for Donald Trump. It was scarcely hours before he had casually threatened North Korea with total nuclear annihilation via Twitter. By tomorrow, the US may find itself embroiled in World War Three if someone doesn t take that idiot s cell phone away from him.Sadly, nothing would make Trump happier than a new conflict, since wartime presidents are far more popular and important than those who govern peacefully over periods of expansion and global goodwill.That s what war would mean to Donald Trump: Ratings.Featured image via Majid/Getty Images",News,"September 25, 2017"
 WATCH: GOP Senator Yawns As Disabled Healthcare Protesters Are Being Dragged Away By Cops,"Republicans are desperately trying to repeal Obamacare in order to substitute it with a sh*t sandwich. The Graham-Cassidy bill is so bad that experts, including hospitals, doctors, and AARP have all warned against the dangerous proposal which will leave millions uninsured. During the hearings in the Senate today, Democrat Ron Wyden asked Republican Sen. Bill Cassidy for a yes or no answer over whether the bill protects people with pre-existing conditions. Wyden didn t get an answer to that question.Disabled protesters with ADAPT   which stands for Americans Disabled Attendant Programs Today   chanted  No cuts to Medicaid, save our liberty! Those protesters will be the forgotten Americans in the GOP s travesty of a bill.Sen. Orrin Hatch told the crowd that, if you can t remain quiet,  then get the heck out. Orrin Hatch gavels back in and tells the crowd that, if you can't remain quiet, ""then get the heck out.""  Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) September 25, 2017 If the hearing is going to devolve into a sideshow or a forum for simply putting partisan points on the board, there s absolutely no reason for us to be here,  Hatch added.The disturbing visual of disabled Americans being arrested was what you d call bad optics.Some Senators have stayed to watch the ongoing arrests. pic.twitter.com/bBuPskNFcE  Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) September 25, 2017Bill Cassidy just sat there with no f*cks to give over disabled Americans being dragged out and arrested.Bill Cassidy doesn't seem to be phased. pic.twitter.com/3Ioi7aa2ZH  Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) September 25, 2017More bad optics.Wow. pic.twitter.com/VOlQHBksPy  Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) September 25, 2017And here is Bill Cassidy literally yawning while people are fighting for their lives.Bill Cassidy is literally yawning as protestors are carried away. pic.twitter.com/TqINKjrLx6  Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) September 25, 2017A majority of Americans said in a recent poll that they disapprove of Republican legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare, while less than 10 percent said they believed the GOP proposal would help them, according to Politico. Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) came out on Friday in opposition to the bill. Sen. Rand Paul isn t too keen on the bill either, and Sens. Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) haven t taken a position on the bill, but the former is expected to vote against it.Hopefully, today s bad optics will help them to decide because there s a long line of people outside of the hearings being arrested and processed.Image via screen capture.",News,"September 25, 2017"
 Target Just Made A Major Move That’s Going To Blow Conservative Minds (VIDEO),"Conservatives, who are notoriously anti-labor, are going to be outraged by the move Target just made.Target will be raising their national minimum wage to $15 by 2020, starting with an immediate raise next month. Here s more via Jessica Castro, an anchor for ABC7 out of the Bay Area:#breaking Target will increase its minimum wage nationwide to $15 by 2020; If you work there, this means RAISES next month! #livedesk pic.twitter.com/0BXcHJoBdC  Jessica Castro (@JessicaABC7) September 25, 2017Republicans have repeatedly tried to make the case that raising wages kills jobs and raises prices, but that s not true. Target is making the right call. The current federal minimum wage, at $7.25, is extremely low compared to historic averages when adjusted for inflation.In fact, when you adjust for inflation, the minimum wage has steadily dropped since 1968.Republicans also try to make the case that most minimum wage workers have just entered the workforce and are not supporting families on their income (i.e. are students). This, too, is false. Less than half of minimum wage workers are aged 16-24. Additionally, tens of millions of hardworking Americans are paid nearly minimum wage, and would also be affected by proposed raises. It s not high schoolers with after-school jobs being paid minimum wage   it s anybody working a job at a business that can get away with shifting the burden of its employees to the public.And make no mistake   if you re a taxpayer, you re supporting underpaid employees. People working full-time (or part-time and can t get more hours) who are under the poverty line are eligible for benefits, and many choose to take them, being partial to eating and whatnot. That means if a business isn t paying their employees enough to eat, the government has to subsidize that employee. If a business can t afford a living wage, it has no right to exist.From Pew Research:While the idea of raising the minimum wage is broadly popular, a Pew Research Center survey this past August found clear partisan and racial differences in support. Overall, 52% of people favored increasing the federal minimum to $15 an hour, but that idea was favored by just 21% of Trump supporters (versus 82% of Clinton backers). And while large majorities of blacks and Hispanics supported a $15 federal minimum wage, 54% of whites opposed it.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 25, 2017"
 Republican Governor Helped Kill 11 Elderly People By Deleting Their Messages Begging For Help,"Hurricane Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms ever recorded, was responsible for the deaths of at least 102 people, 44 of whom were in the Caribbean. Of the fatalities recorded in the mainland US, at least 50 were in Florida, 11 of which were due to the stifling conditions inside a South Florida nursing home after it lost power. Those 11 deaths could have possibly been avoided if Republican Florida Governor Rick Scott had heeded the emergency calls he had received about the worsening conditions in the home.A criminal Probe has been opened into the tragedy at the Rehabilitation Center at Hollywood Hill, a nursing home in Hollywood, Florida, north of Miami, where five bodies were found inside the home itself, with more patients dying later in a nearby hospital. The Vice President of The Rehabilitation Center at Hollywood Hills, Natasha Anderson, attempted to contact Governor Scott by phone on four separate occasions in the two days leading up to the death of the first patient, leaving a message each time about the worsening conditions inside the home and asking for  immediate assistance.  When Scott s office was contacted in regards to the messages, a spokeswoman said, The voicemails were not retained. In what could amount to possible charges of criminal negligence against Scott, the spokeswoman wrote in an email:  The voicemails were not retained because the information from each voicemail was collected by the Governor s staff and given to the proper agency for handling.  Despite Anderson s claims that she requested  immediate assistance,  Scott has stated that nobody from the nursing home said the patients were in Danger or that the situation was at crisis level.Anderson called Florida Power and Light after the 152-bed facility lost power to its air-conditioning at around 3pm on September 10. FPL said they would have crews dispatched the next morning, but to no avail so on the evening of September 11, Anderson called a cellphone number provided by Scott during a conference call prior to the emergency in which he claimed they could contact him him if trouble arose, however, she was only able to get his voicemail. She tried three more times the following day, met with the same result. Patients at the home began to suffer from a variety of health problems between 3am and 6am on the morning of September 13, some of whom had body temperatures recorded as high as 109 . None of this changes the fact that this facility chose not to call 911 or evacuate their patients to the hospital across the street to save lives,  a spokeswoman noted. I am going to work to aggressively demand answers on how this tragic event took place,  Governor Rick Scott said in a statement.  This situation is unfathomable. Every facility that is charged with caring for patients must take every action and precaution to keep their patients safe. The governor has since shut off the facility s Medicare and Medicaid funding.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",News,"September 25, 2017"
" People Upset By NFL Players ‘Disrespecting’ The Flag Do It CONSTANTLY, According To The Flag Code","Maybe you re a little confused, like me, about when exactly the American flag took the place of the First Amendment to the Constitution. After all, I have a sister older than the current American flag. But conservatives sure do like symbols, and their assumption that everyone else does as much as they do is probably why the outrage over NFL players taking a knee, or sitting, or otherwise not properly  respecting  American symbolism has captured the zeitgeist in the country this football season.But what does  respect for the flag  actually mean, and is there a double standard? One Twitter user had a pretty spectacular take on whether there just might be a little hypocrisy at play in all of the criticism of those  ungrateful black multi-millionaires  who dare to protest in a way that s  unacceptable  to white people. HennyWise  is a third generation veteran of the armed forces, and his outline of ways that America completely ignores the  disrespect  that doesn t bother them or even makes them happy is a primer on the United States Flag Code. Setting aside the fact that a significant number of sports fans may in fact be getting a beer at concessions during the national anthem and display of the colors, there are a number of regulations that Americans don t seem to mind breaking:Let s jump right in US Flag Code: Chapter 10.176C The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free.  pic.twitter.com/a9niowcX5f  HennyWise (@koopa_kinte) September 23, 2017US Flag Code: Chapter 10.176D The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery.  pic.twitter.com/z3rywoKDtO  HennyWise (@koopa_kinte) September 23, 2017Here s a popular violationUS Flag Code Chapter 10.176I The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever.  pic.twitter.com/OMNzTurFaD  HennyWise (@koopa_kinte) September 23, 2017US Flag Code Chapter 10.176I (pt 2) It should not be embroidered on such articles as cushions or handkerchiefs and the like  pic.twitter.com/xHG3sypUrA  HennyWise (@koopa_kinte) September 23, 2017US Flag Code Chapter 10.176I (pt3) or otherwise impressed on paper napkins or anything that is designed for temporary use and discard.  pic.twitter.com/WVvQVjD6qG  HennyWise (@koopa_kinte) September 23, 2017Since it s Saturday US Flag Code Chapter 10.176J No part of the flag should ever be used as a costume or athletic uniform.  pic.twitter.com/7R8sZmqcp1  HennyWise (@koopa_kinte) September 23, 2017Not covered in the  Respect for Flag  section; standing/kneeling/sitting. That s considered a conduct violation, not disrespectful.  HennyWise (@koopa_kinte) September 23, 2017Signed,A 3rd Generation Vet  HennyWise (@koopa_kinte) September 23, 2017Another user pointed out one small thing that HennyWise overlooked in his synopsis of hypocrisy:Great thread. Also this:#TakeTheKnee pic.twitter.com/x9WC5cmJCv  HSquared (@BlondeWarship) September 23, 2017The Flag Code also specifies that:The flag should never have placed on it, or attached to it, any mark, insignia, letter, word, number, figure, or drawing of any kind.That makes the  Blue Lives Matter  flag an even more direct form of disrespect than a violation of most of the other regulations would be considered.But will conservatives care? Hypocrisy has never seemed to bother them before.Featured image via Brett Carlsen/Getty Images",News,"September 25, 2017"
 Billion Dollar Company Tells Employees How They’re Allowed To React On Social Media To 46% Pay Cuts,"You may not be familiar with the name  Unilever,  but there is a good chance you have some of their products in your home right at this moment. The multi-national giant owns a lot of the brands many will most likely find in both their bathroom cabinet, such as Axe and Dove, as well as in their kitchen, with brands including Hellman s, Best Foods, and I Can t Believe It s Not Butter. The company also makes Lipton Ice Tea in a partnership with PepsiCo.But Unilever s biggest cash-cow is ice-cream, with an annual turnover of almost $6 billion. The corporation owns Ben & Jerry s, Klondike, Popsicle, and Slim Fast just to name a few, but they aren t the names that are paying the bills   It s what is officially known as the  Heartbrand  umbrella, available in over 40 countries under different names in order to retain a sense of regional familiarity, but always recognizable by its heart-shaped logo. If you have ever eaten a Magnum or a container of Blue Ribbon, you ll understand exactly how they got so big.Like most large corporations, however, it has also been discovered that Unilever is heartless at their core. This was proven after they applied to Australia s Fair Work Commission to terminate an enterprise agreement at its Heartbrand, known as  Streets,  manufacturing plant in western Sydney, Australia. It s a move that would result in workers facing pay cuts of up to 46%. Furthermore, their conditions would depreciate significantly as they would also lose existing limits on overtime, redundancy conditions, and protections against the use of labor hire and contractors among other current restrictions.Now it has come to light that Unilever is also briefing employees on how they are able to react on social media to their potential significant loss of wages and workers rights. A leaked memo from the company to employees states what constitutes the breach of company policy when posting on social media about the situation, covering everything right down to commenting with emojis.Could this two-page document pave the way to further stifling employees freedom to express their dissatisfaction? Read through and decide for yourself: The Australian Manufacturing Workers  Union have also taken on Unilever with their Say No To Streets campaign that allows protesters to email both the Streets Financial Officer and the factory Site Manager directly on the topic.Featured image via screenshot",News,"September 25, 2017"
 Zuckerberg Was Personally Warned About Russian Meddling By Obama And He Completely Blew It Off,"As the investigations into how Russia meddled in our election escalate, Facebook has turned records relating to ad buys from Russian actors over to Congress. Facebook has found itself in the crosshairs of Democrats and Republicans alike because of this (and for other reasons), and Mark Zuckerberg is finally, finally wondering if maybe he should be taking a more active role in his own company.Why? Because Facebook sold over 3,000 pro-Trump and pro-right wing ads to fake accounts run by Russians and people with ties to Russia. They turned those records over to the House and Senate Intelligence Committees and to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. They re going to re-evaluate the processes they use to review political ads, and they will supposedly  offer a higher standard of transparency  on those ads than what the law requires for radio, television and other platforms.For many, it s too little, too late, though. Trump was elected, a hostile foreign power helped him win, and the true scope of how Russia used and manipulated Facebook is still unknown. When they first came under fire for allowing the proliferation of fake news following Trump s  win,  Zuckerberg s excuse was that they were a technology company, not a media company. The implication was that they couldn t be held responsible for any of that.They re only now starting to come around to the truth, but the sad thing about this is that Zuckerberg was warned about people misusing his platform to swing the election several times. In fact, none other than President Obama himself literally pulled Zuckerberg aside during a conference in Peru to practically beg him to take the threat of fake news and disinformation seriously. Obama told Zuckerberg that, unless he actually paid attention, this would only be worse in four years.But Zuckerberg blew him off. He told Obama that such messages weren t widespread on his platform, and that there wouldn t be an easy solution to it. Like his pathetic excuse of being a tech company, Zuckerberg shirked any and all responsibility for it. Obama tried. Zuckerberg didn t really seem to care.Discovering that another country would even dare to try and influence our elections should be a horrific epiphany for any American. It s true that neither Zuckerberg, nor anyone else at Facebook (or anyone really) could have sufficiently predicted that anything like this would happen. As recently as two to three years ago, most of us would have made fun of the conspiracy theorists making bizarre claims about shady and hostile foreign actors working to swing our elections to their favor. That s reality now, but early warnings like Obama s seem to have slid right off Zuckerberg s back, as he was more concerned with his product than with how his product was being misused.Russia weaponized Facebook, and it s not over. Facebook has its part to do and they need to get to it post-haste. But another part may lie with Washington, with our lawmakers. It may well be time to apply laws similar to those that govern political advertising elsewhere to social media. Facebook hasn t yet provided many details about how they ll be transparent, especially given the fact that many of their political ads don t meet current legal definitions for political ads. They are, however, talking the talk. Now they need to walk the walk, or be forced to do so under law.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",News,"September 25, 2017"
" ‘Racist, Fascist, White Supremacist’: Former NFL Star Chris Kluwe Scorches Trump Over His Attacks On Atheletes","Donald Trump is facing seriously fierce blowback for his attacks on black athletes who choose to protest racism and police brutality by taking a knee during the national anthem before games. Everyone from owners to players to players to former players are giving Trump a big middle finger during Suturday s games on Sunday, and former NFL star Chris Kluwe didn t stay out of the fray. During an interview with CNN host Fredricka Whitfield, Kluwe, who believes he was blacklisted in the league for speaking out for LGBTQ rights, did not hold back. First, Whitfield asked: This display of kneeling at the national anthem on a football field started a year ago with 49er s Kaepernick and now has evolved into something else or perhaps has blossomed into the same thing but in a bigger way. Chris, what statement do you see NFL teams, owners, coaches making when they kneel, touch, lock arms on display like this? Kluwe responded: Well, I think that the players and the teams are saying that they are not going to be dictated to by a racist, fascist white supremacist who currently occupies the highest place in our government. When you look at what Donald Trump has said about speaking out against Nazis, I think it s fantastic that players and owners are now taking a stand in using the platform to speak out against this because this is not what America is. America is not a fascist military state where its devotion to the flag above all. Right now our nation is not holding up its end of the social contract, especially with communities of color. It should be a baseline right now that you can walk down the street and not get shot by a police officer for carrying a toy gun or for selling cigarettes out of the back of a car. It should not be out of the ordinary to expect that. So I m glad to see these players and owners taking a stand. Communities of color within our nation are not receiving the same level of justice that white communities are,  he added.  Black members of our society are far more likely to be put in prison for what white members are able to skate by on. But it s also morphed into a discussion that we have a person in charge of our society that does not understand what it means to wield the American empire, and has shown no willingness to work with minorities, with immigrants, with anyone who is not white, and that is, again, against the heart of what America stands for. Kluwe is spot on. These players do not suspend their First Amendment right when they take to the field. Further, Donald Trump should not be using the bully pulpit of the White House to try and get people fired for demonstrating for justice. These players are using their platforms to bring awareness to a very serious, and literally life or death, issue in America s communities of color. There s nothing more patriotic that they could do.Trump, on the other hand, is no patriot. Kluwe is correct   Trump IS a racist, a fascist, and a white supremacist. Kudos to these sports teams for standing up to this bullying.Watch the video below:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 24, 2017"
 Over 500 NFL Players Plan To Tell Trump To F*** Off Today In The Best Way Possible,"A backlash of epic proportions ensued after Donald Trump launched a war against African-American athletes who protest by kneeling during the national anthem. The former reality show star has managed to piss off players in three major professional sports and even went so far as to call Colin Kaepernick s mother a  bitch.  And even this morning, the 71-year-old  man  crawled out of bed to rant and rage on his Twitter timeline again about black athletes silently protesting. The backlash has been fierce, with the Pittsburgh Steelers announcing that they plan to stay in their locker room for the national anthem before their game against the Chicago Bears. Multiple team members from the Ravens and Jaguars took to their knees during the anthem while the remaining players stood behind them linking arms in solidarity.The Dolphins are wearing  #ImWithKap  t-shirts.The Dolphins have shirts showing their support for Colin Kaepernick's push for social justice and racial equality. pic.twitter.com/OMha2xl0wj  Omar Kelly (@OmarKelly) September 24, 2017 Over 500 players have communicated to me that they intend on demonstrating today,  activist and writer Shaun King tweeted.Over 500 players have communicated to me that they intend on demonstrating today.  Shaun King (@ShaunKing) September 24, 2017There are 14 games that will be played today, with protesting athletes totaling at least one-third of all the players.Former NFL head coach Rex Ryan, a Trump supporter who endorsed the former reality show star during the campaign last year because he says  what s on his mind  now says that he s  appalled  and  pissed off  at Trump over his remarks against black NFL athletes.Former NFL Commissioner Paul Tagilabue called Trump s comments on NFL players  insulting and disgraceful  and added that  we re not entitled to shut anybody s speech down. Trump blasted the NFL this morning over its ratings but he failed to mention his own. Trump s approval numbers are the lowest of any president in the history of polling.To kneel during the national anthem is not a sign of disrespect toward our country s flag. It is actually respecting what the flag truly stands for and the rights we have as citizens of this country. Ignoring racism is disrespecting the flag.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images.",News,"September 24, 2017"
 Golden State Warriors Coach Just WRECKED Trump After Attack On One Of His Players,"On Saturday, the man we re forced to call  President  Trump responded to Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry s refusal to accept an invitation to the White House by doing the internet equivalent of incoherently screeching  WELL FINE,  YOU RE NOT INVITED ANYWAY. Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017Unfortunately for Trump, Warriors coach Steve Kerr has Curry s back. The idea of civil discourse with a guy who is tweeting and demeaning people and saying the things he s saying is sort of far-fetched,  Kerr said on Sunday.  Can you picture us really having a civil discourse with him? It was an actual chance to talk to the president,  he said.  After all, he works for us. He s a public servant. He may not be aware of that, but he is a public servant, right? So maybe as NBA champions, as people in a prominent position, we could go in and say,  This is what s bothering us, what can we do about this?'  Then he laid in to Trump for attacking black football players for exercising their First Amendment rights while calling Nazis  very fine people: How about the irony of  Free speech is fine if you re a neo-Nazi chanting hate slogans, but free speech is not allowed to kneel in protest?  No matter how many times a football player says,  I honor our military, but I m protesting police brutality and racial inequality,  it doesn t matter. Nationalists are saying,  You re disrespecting our flag.  Well, you know what else is disrespectful to our flag? Racism. And one s way worse than the other. Trump is a constant embarrassment to our country.Watch Kerr rip him apart below:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 24, 2017"
 WATCH: Trump’s Treasury Sec. Steve Mnuchin Says NFL Players Have No Right To Free Speech,"Donald Trump is clearly violating the free speech rights of NFL players, and his weaselly Treasury Secretary supports it.As we all know, Trump has been waging a war against the NFL since calling quarterback Colin Kaepernick a  son of a bitch  on Friday night and demanding that NFL team owners fire players who kneel during the national anthem. On Saturday night, and into Sunday morning, Trump lashed out at the NFL in a tirade that made it clear that Trump opposes free speech and the Constitution that protects it.If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017 our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU RE FIRED. Find something else to do!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017 NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017That s right. Trump accused an American business of being anti-American for not firing players who kneel during the anthem in protest of police brutality and racial injustice. In short, Trump ordered the NFL to fire players who exercise their freedom of speech and expression. That means the government is now actively trying to force private institutions to silence and punish free speech.And Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin agreed with what Trump is doing, and even went full hypocrite by defending Trump s vile language. The owners should have a rule that players should have to stand and have respect for the national anthem,  Mnuchin told ABC host Martha Raddatz.  This isn t about Democrats, this isn t about Republicans, it s not about race, it s not about free speech. They can do free speech on their own time. The Constitution protects freedom of speech. This is something that Mnuchin clearly does not understand, which should automatically disqualify him from being in government.When asked about Trump s language, Mnuchin argued that  the president can use whatever language he wants to use.  In other words, white racists like Trump have freedom of speech, but black NFL players do not.Mnuchin then butchered the First Amendment even further by claiming that NFL players only  have the right to have the First Amendment off the field.  And that s complete bullshit. Clearly, Mnuchin failed basic civics in school.Here s the video via YouTube.The government, including the president, can t order a business to violate the free speech rights of their employees. Donald Trump owes an apology to the players whom he offended with his outrageously divisive remarks. No one can be forced to stand for the national anthem, just as no child can be forced to stand and recite the Pledge of Allegiance. It s unconstitutional.Featured image via video screen capture ",News,"September 24, 2017"
 Trump Declares War On NFL In Early Morning Twitter MELTDOWN,"Donald Trump is now obsessed with attacking the NFL.On Friday night, Trump demanded that NFL team owners fire any player who kneels during the national anthem to protest racial injustice and called NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick a  son of a bitch. Seriously, Trump just publicly insulted a private citizen and called for dozens of firings. This is the so-called President of the United States.Apparently, Trump is tired of North Korea not giving in to his demands so he picked a new target closer to home.After much criticism, Trump jumped on Twitter to throw a temper tantrum on Saturday night.If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017 our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU RE FIRED. Find something else to do!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017But Trump clearly went to bed angry because he woke up early on Sunday morning to continue his hissy fit.If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017 NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017That s right, Trump literally just called for a boycott of an American business because it s not racist enough and suggested that the NFL is anti-American for not punishing players for exercising their constitutional rights. Kneeling during the national anthem is a protest against racial injustice, and so far, it has been working. Attention has been brought to the issue. But Trump wants owners to start firing players who kneel or force them to stand, which would likely see a bunch of lawsuits filed against the NFL.Refusing to stand during the national anthem is protected as free speech and expression by the Constitution. It would be like forcing kids to stand and say the Pledge of Allegiance in school, which is what Trump will probably do next after he gets humiliated by the NFL.The NFL can do that by making sure Colin Kaepernick gets signed by a team. And every NFL player should kneel during the anthem in solidarity with their fellow teammates. Their teammates are under attack by Donald Trump now. It s time to kneel together, not just to protest racism, but to protest him as well. Because Trump is the biggest racist of them all.Featured Image: David Becker / Stringer via Getty",News,"September 24, 2017"
 Trump Just Threatened To Murder 25 Million People Because Words Offended Him,"On Saturday night, Donald Trump once again casually threatened nuclear war against the country of North Korea. The last time he did that, he came back with an arguably weak package of sanctions, which penalized only individuals doing business with the dictatorship. This time, Snowflake Trump was triggered by North Korea s Foreign Minister speaking at the UN.Ri Yong Ho told the assembly that the week s exchange of insults between Trump and his apparent arch-nemesis Kim Jong Un made our rocket s visit to the entire US mainland inevitable all the more,  apparently threatening to aim North Korean missiles directly at the United States. The isolated peninsular nation, by all accounts, is years away from developing technology that will actually reach us.Trump  fired  back:Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017Trump has now added an adjective to his new nickname for Kim, further Trumpifying  Rocket Man  into what he surely believes is a dagger through the heart of the 33-year-old dictator. They won t be around,  of course, includes the 25 million inhabitants of North Korea, as even the smallest of our nuclear weapons would cause inconceivable damage to the geographically insignificant country.Trump is undoubtedly attempting to deflect some attention away from his weekend misadventures in Alabama, which earned him the scorn of every sports fan in America over his racist call for NFL owners to fire players who kneel during the national anthem.  Unpatriotic,  he calls it. I don t think Donald Trump knows what patriotism is.It certainly isn t making America look like a global bully that takes offense at the most meaningless of statements from a hostile foreign minister.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",News,"September 24, 2017"
 Former Director Of National Intelligence Says Russia Interference Casts Doubt On Trump’s Win,"James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence under President Barack Obama, appeared on CNN s Erin Burnett Out Front on Friday night, and he told Burnett just what many Americans have suspected since January. Speaking about Russian interference in the 2016 presidential campaign, Clapper told her that the intelligence community had met with Donald Trump prior to his inauguration. In that briefing, he and other intel chiefs discussed with Trump a joint assessment by the CIA, FBI, and NSA that concluded that the interference was significant enough to warrant concerns over the outcome of the election: Our intelligence community assessment did, I think, serve to cast doubt on the legitimacy of his victory in the election. Although Clapper didn t say it in the interview, the unspoken implication is that this message may have prompted Trump s ridiculous overreactions to his inaugural crowd size, the myth that millions of  illegals  voted in the election, and any number of other actions and statements that led to the creation of Trump s laughable  Commission on Election Integrity,  which has, thus far, served only as a vehicle for promoting voter suppression.Clapper s CNN appearance was timely. It came just a short while after Trump went back to his favorite outlet, Twitter, to vent his frustrations for the millionth time:The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 22, 2017Unfortunately for Trump, the fact is that the Facebook ads purchased by Russia weren t even part of that discussion with Clapper. Those weren t discovered until recently, after Facebook combed through their ad sales records and discovered hundreds of fake Russian profiles buying pro-Trump and pro-conservative ads on the social media platform during the campaign. That means that completely independent of any allegations about ad buying, the intelligence community had already concretely agreed that Russia helped Trump win the election.Even after the transition to Trump s administration and Cabinet, the investigation into Russian interference produced the same responses from different intel chiefs. When Senator Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, asked Trump s own CIA head and his new Director of National Intelligence whether they believed that Russian intelligence agencies were responsible for the hacks and leaks that led to the investigation, both Mike Pompeo and Dan Coats agreed.Clapper told Burnett that Trump s demeanor during the January briefing has been completely different than his behavior since he was inaugurated, calling the earlier Trump  solicitous, courteous, [and] even complimentary  when he sat down with the agencies.Trump is getting more than a little nervous now, and this interview with James Clapper sheds light on his renewed efforts to brush aside the Russia investigation.Watch:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"September 23, 2017"
 Colin Kaepernick’s Mother Fires Back At Trump For Calling Him A ‘Son Of A B*tch’,"On Friday, Donald Trump attacked NFL players such as Colin Kaepernick at a rally for Alabama Senate candidate Luther Strange (R). The amateur president called on NFL owners to fire players for taking a knee rather than standing during the national anthem.  Wouldn t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say,  Get that son of a bitch off the field right now,  Trump said, adding,  He is fired. Colin Kaepernick s mother wasn t having any of it. Do not mess with her son. Guess that makes me a proud bitch!  Teresa Kaepernick tweeted.Guess that makes me a proud bitch!  Teresa Kaepernick (@B4IleaveU) September 23, 2017While Puerto Rico remains devastated by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, the so-called president is busy attacking black athletes.Stephen Curry, a Golden State Warriors guard and two-time NBA MVP, said that he wasn t interested in visiting the White House to celebrate the team s 2017 championship. He added that he would wait to see how the team feels as a group. Curry said his reasons for not wanting to visit the White House were  that we basically don t stand for what our president has said, and the things he hasn t said at the right time,  according to SF Gate. By not going, hopefully, it will inspire some change for what we tolerate in this country and what we stand for, what is accepted and what we turn a blind eye toward. So, Trump tweeted a response.  Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team. Stephen Curry is hesitating, therefore invitation is withdrawn! Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017That s right, he can t break up with Trump. Trump is breaking up with him first, so there!NBA star LeBron James fired back at Trump over his tweet, calling him a  bum  on Saturday. You bum @StephenCurry30 already said he ain t going! So therefore ain t no invite,  James tweeted.  Going to White House was a great honor until you showed up!  James tweeted.U bum @StephenCurry30 already said he ain't going! So therefore ain't no invite. Going to White House was a great honor until you showed up!  LeBron James (@KingJames) September 23, 2017LeSean McCoy, running back for the Buffalo Bills tweeted,  It s really sad man   our president is a asshole. It's really sad man   our president is a asshole  Lesean McCoy (@CutonDime25) September 23, 2017Mrs. Kaepernick retweeted that.After a backlash, Trump took to his Twitter account. If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL, or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem,  he tweeted.  If not, YOU RE FIRED. Find something else to do! Welp, if a  president  disrespects our country then he should be fired.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty images.",News,"September 23, 2017"
 WATCH: Bill Maher Hilariously Explains Why Trump Ditched McConnell And Ryan For Chuck And Nancy," Republicans have been furious with Donald Trump lately. He blindsided them by ditching House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI), and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), for Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY), and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-NY), now dubbed his new friends,  Chuck and Nancy.  However, Bill Maher, host of HBO s Real Time, seems to think that there is a very simple answer to this: Trump relates to  Chuck and Nancy  because he has the big city life in common with them. Using the children s book  The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse  to illustrate his point, Maher says: Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, they re city mice, and that s who a consummate New Yorker like Donald Trump relates to. Maher then goes on to say that, prior to running for the presidency as a Republican, Trump  would never be caught dead hanging around with a traveling Bible salesman like Paul Ryan, or a corny, countrified goober like Mitch McConnell. For Christ s sakes the man is from Kentucky. Jeff Sessions is from Alabama. When he talks, all Trump hears is a tiny little Earnest movie. Maher then takes on Vice President Mike Pence, saying: And Mike Pence? It must be torture for Trump to be in the White House every day with that homespun, Christian, tightly wound human hard on. He literally won t dine with an unchaperoned woman. Meanwhile, Trump has spent his entire life posing with a shit-eating grin that says look at all the pussy I m getting. At the end of the monologue, Maher gives a brutal message to so-called  Real Americans: I hate to break it to you, but what Trump likes about Chuck and Nancy, is that they re not you. This is absolutely true. Before running for president, Donald Trump was a typical New York Democrat. He doesn t give a shit about social issues or religion, and he sure as hell doesn t give a shit about the fools who put him in office. His own kids couldn t vote for him in New York s GOP primary because they were registered as Democrats. He s given bunches of money to Democratic politicians for years. Trump is no Republican. He just knew he could play that side of the aisle for fools, when he d never have had a chance running as a Democrat.Furthermore, Trump would never be caught dead hanging with any of the people who voted for him. And all those countrified middle American women who say that he can grab their pussies any time? Yeah, he wouldn t touch you with someone else s dick.Too bad those voters would vote for this guy again in a heartbeat.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 23, 2017"
" Trump’s Making It Harder To Sign Up For Obamacare On Purpose, Even If The GOP Doesn’t Pass Anything","The Trump administration has announced even more impediments to signing up for health insurance through Healthcare.Gov, the website set up during the creation of the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare. Donald Trump has been steadfast in his insistence that Obamacare is failing, despite a wealth of evidence that it is not. So to make it appear as though the ACA is on its last legs, Trump has devised multiple ways to ensure that enrollment is as hard as humanly possible.The latest scheme was first reported by Kaiser Health News  Phil Galewitz:..@HHSGov did a webinar with Assisters today, disclosing its plan to shut down @HHSGov on most Sundays during open enrollment season pic.twitter.com/fOF9AlKFo8  Phil Galewitz (@philgalewitz) September 22, 2017That s right: The Department of Health and Human Services, run by Tom Price, the man currently under intense scrutiny for his unethical use of taxpayer money to charter private jets for personal travel, has announced  downtimes  for the government website, and they are insane. All websites occasionally have downtime for maintenance, of course, but HHS is actually reserving 12 hours every single Sunday during open enrollment that the website will be inaccessible.HHS had already done their best to stifle participation in Obamacare by cutting the enrollment period in half and reducing advertising and promotional funds for the ACA by ninety percent. The Department also cut funding and grants for  navigators,  or health care specialists who help enrollees find coverage that s suitable for them, to the states by forty percent.The new roadblock means that, of the limited time working people actually have to get on the website and sign up, a huge chunk of free time has just been eliminated that could have been used. Make no mistake: The Trump administration knows that Sundays are the only day many Americans have free time. And the signup process, though easy, does take some time to complete.Just like his efforts toward voter suppression, Trump is using the power of the federal government to literally harm Americans who just want to avail themselves of a service that is offered. Hopefully the legions of people who benefit from the ACA who showed up at town halls across the country this summer understand that there is still nothing wrong with the system as it is   other than that it s not single-payer   and will remember Trump and the GOP s betrayal when they head to the voting booth next time.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",News,"September 23, 2017"
 Trump Insults John McCain For Refusing To Strip Healthcare From Millions Of Americans,"John McCain survived brutal torture and six years as a prisoner of war during Vietnam. If Donald Trump thinks he can intimidate him, he should think again.On Friday, the Arizona senator released a statement announcing his intention to vote against the Graham-Cassidy bill that Republicans have introduced to repeal Obamacare.The bill would strip healthcare from 30 million Americans, and turn Medicaid into a block grant program that would cease to exist after a few years. The bill also gives states the power to obtain waivers so that insurance companies can discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions. America s healthcare system would be thrown into dire chaos, and Trump is absolutely okay with that.McCain is not.The issue is too important, and too many lives are at risk, for us to leave the American people guessing from one election to the next whether and how they will acquire health insurance. A bill of this impact requires a bipartisan approach.Senators Alexander and Murray have been negotiating in good faith to fix some of the problems with Obamacare. But I fear that the prospect of one last attempt at a strictly Republican bill has left the impression that their efforts cannot succeed. I hope they will resume their work should this last attempt at a partisan solution fail.I cannot in good conscience vote for the Graham-Cassidy proposal. I believe we could do better working together, Republicans and Democrats, and have not yet really tried. Nor could I support it without knowing how much it will cost, how it will effect insurance premiums, and how many people will be helped or hurt by it. Without a full CBO score, which won t be available by the end of the month, we won t have reliable answers to any of those questions.And for that, Trump viciously attacked McCain.John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal & Replace. Let Arizona down!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control & management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017First off, block grants are not enough to cover all the people who desperately need healthcare. In fact, it limits funding to the point where state officials will have to decide who gets care and who doesn t to avoid using up the grant money on expensive treatments, which sounds a lot like a death panel.Second, Lindsey Graham s friendship with McCain does not mean they vote the same, as Graham made clear on Twitter.My friendship with @SenJohnMcCain is not based on how he votes but respect for how he s lived his life and the person he is.  Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) September 22, 2017Obamacare has its flaws, but those flaws can be fixed easily with bipartisan legislation. McCain understands this and he understands that repealing Obamacare would leave tens of millions of Americans without healthcare, including millions of conservatives in red states.Donald Trump is an asshole. He wants to kill a major healthcare law just because it is known as Obamacare and because he is desperate for major legislation to sign. He hasn t even actually read the damn bill, which medical organizations and the healthcare industry agree is terrible.Besides, if Trump wanted McCain s vote so much he should have thought of that before criticizing him for being a POW.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 23, 2017"
 Trump Whines That The Media Wouldn’t Film His Crowd In Alabama – CNN Makes A Fool Out Of Him,"Trump s desperation to convince people that the Great Liberal Media Conspiracy Against Him is real is getting way out of control. On Twitter earlier, he cried that nobody was asking about the media s totally biased coverage of Hillary during the election. He also claimed at a rally a while back that the press was turning their cameras off during his speech because they didn t want their audiences to hear what he had to say. CNN made him look stupid for that. Then tonight, in Alabama, he did it again, and CNN made him look even worse for it.He said,  Fake news. They won t show this,  referring to his obsession with his crowd sizes. He then went on to say: They ll say  Donald Trump spoke before a small crowd in Alabama last night. It was a small crowd. A very unenthusiastic crowd. It was a terrible evening. CNN had split the screen between him and his crowd before he started this diatribe. Seriously   he said this while CNN was showing his crowd. Watch below:Trump says the fake news media won t show the crowd at his rally   while CNN is literally running a split screen of the crowd. pic.twitter.com/mRtPaAr38Z  Jim Dalrymple II (@JimDalrympleII) September 23, 2017In fact, according to Jim Dalrymple II, CNN had been running the split screen for most of the rally.Trump might be able to convince his fans that the media is dishonest, but anyone who can actually think can see just how badly he s embarrassing himself whenever he talks about the  fake news  media. Give it up, Donnie. We see right through you.Featured image via Michael B. Thomas/Getty Images",News,"September 22, 2017"
" Republican Senator STUNS In Town Hall, Admits GOP’s ObamaCare Repeal Will Fail (TWEETS)","There s a lot of buzz about the GOP s latest effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare. As the GOP plans to vote on the Graham-Cassidy health care bill, their previous failures are coming back to haunt them, as many people are wondering why the Republican Party even continues to try to push a health care agenda that has repeatedly failed and isn t even wanted by the majority of Americans.The GOP s fight to repeal ObamaCare has never looked as pathetic as it did today when Republican Sen. Joni Ernst admitted that this bill is as good as dead during a town hall in Iowa. In speaking about the Graham-Cassidy bill, Ernst said to much applause: I ll be honest, it seems unlikely that we ll be voting on this.  Seriously, this is a major blow to the GOP. Not only are Republican senators publicly expressing doubt over this health care bill, but some top Republicans   like Arizona Senator John McCain   are actively going to vote against it.As it stands, most of America   Republicans included   want bipartisan fixes to the Affordable Care Act. The majority of the country overwhelmingly is in favor of keeping ObamaCare, but the GOP continues to ignore what the people want. Instead, they are hellbent on stripping millions of healthcare and hiking up premiums.The insane thing is that even if Graham-Cassidy fails (which it likely will), the GOP will probably just continue to draft more health care bills! They seem to learn nothing from their failures and see nothing wrong with wasting time and energy that could be used for something far more promising. Under Trump s  leadership , the Republican Party has never been so ineffective   obviously taking after their leader s example. No one believes in the GOP s ability to improve health care   not even its own Senators.Featured image is a screenshot",News,"September 22, 2017"
 Scaramucci TV Appearance Goes Off The Rails As Show Brings Special Guest To Mock Him (VIDEO),"The most infamous characters from Donald Trump s administration are resurfacing and coming back to haunt him. Just a few days ago, former White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer made an appearance at the Emmys to mock his old boss, and now former White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci has made a television appearance as well. Basically, Trump should be terrified if this keeps happening.Anthony Scaramucci s short-lived role in the White House was pure insanity for the entirety of its 11 days. From day one, he became polarizing and controversial, causing several actors to rush at the opportunity to imitate him   including comedian Mario Cantone, who became known for his perfect impersonation of  the Mooch.  Little did Scaramucci know, his memorable time as Communications Director would come back to bite him in the a**.On Friday, Scaramucci appeared on The View, where he was suddenly confronted with a surprise appearance by Cantone, who called Scaramucci his doppelg nger.  Cantone sat right next to Scaramucci and said: Look at this guy! He s my doppelg nger! Scaramucci was more than uncomfortable and tried to get Cantone to stop imitating him by asking semi-serious questions. Scaramucci asked: How bummed were you when I was fired? You were on your way. And then you got shot like a little bird and hit the water. You had to be bummed. Unfortunately for the Mooch, Cantone continued to imitate him and landed this epic diss: You re lucky you re here. You got nothing. Spicer got the EMMYs. You re sitting here with four bleeding heart chiacchierones. Scaramucci tried to be a good sport for the rest of the show, but he was visibly irked by Cantone s portrayal of him as he spoke about his time as Communications Director.You can watch Scaramucci hate every second of this surprise appearance below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",News,"September 22, 2017"
 Michelle Obama Opens A Can Of Whoop A** On Trump Without Ever Mentioning His Name,"Without even mentioning Donald Trump s name former First Lady Michelle Obama opened a can of whoop ass on his administration Thursday, saying that the White House is currently being led by fear. Mrs Obama was speaking at a tech conference in Utah, and said that her husband s presidency was built on hope, while Trump s is being led with fear, according to The Salt Lake Tribune. It isn t just us first,  she said, referring to Trump s  America first  agenda.  We live in a big country and a big world,  she said.  You can t just want to help someone in a hurricane and not make sure they can go to the doctor when they re sick. At the United Nations, Trump again reiterated his America First policies. As president of the United States, I will always put America first, just like you as the leaders of your countries will always and should always put your countries first,  he said.Mrs. Obama said that  things are tough right now  and suggested that  we re being tested  but added that she  continues to be hopeful  that the political climate will improve.An audience member urged the former First Lady to run for president in 2020, but she said,  Oh, no!   Running for office is nowhere on the radar screen, but continuing in public service is something I will do for the rest of my life. Mrs. Obama isn t alone in her thinking of the current administration.According to a new Gallup poll, the majority of Americans think Trump lacks courage and is generally unprepared as a leader.Only 22 percent of Americans describe Trump as prepared; 25 percent said he s consistent; 28 percent said he s inspiring, and only 32 percent feel that the former reality show star is courageous.In contrast, 66 percent of Americans described President Barack Obama as a  strong and decisive  leader, and by 72 percent as a man  willing to make hard decisions  in a Gallup poll released at the same point in his first term, back in 2009.Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images.",News,"September 22, 2017"
" BREAKING: John McCain Breaks With His Best Senate Friend, Will Vote No On Graham-Cassidy Deathcare Bill (VIDEO)","Senator John McCain is battling an aggressive form of brain cancer that will likely kill him, and he knows this. This grave reality seems to have given him a new outlook on his role as a United States Senator. In fact, his lease on life is so new and refreshing that he is going up against his best Senate friend, Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC). Now that McCain is firmly in the  no  camp, the GOP can only lose one more vote, as Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) is already a hard  no  vote as well.This bill is even more radical than the one McCain killed before, with a drastic move on the Senate Floor as Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell looked on with his stony turtle face signaling humiliation and rage. On this bill, McCain says: I cannot in good conscience vote for the Graham-Cassidy proposal. Here is the full statement, via Twitter:BREAKING: Sen John McCain comes out in opposition to Graham-Cassidy: "" I cannot in good conscience vote for the Graham-Cassidy proposal"" pic.twitter.com/Xy50UPAZUo  Evan Rosenfeld (@Evan_Rosenfeld) September 22, 2017His original statement in an interview was less promising, but he voiced grave concerns already, so this is really no surprise. He truly is an American hero. Here is the original interview:WATCH: Senator John McCain says he s comfortable with the Graham-Cassidy bill as long as the Arizona governor signs off on it. pic.twitter.com/f3oR1JUsKr  NBC News (@NBCNews) September 19, 2017",News,"September 22, 2017"
 Medicaid Directors Of All 50 States Issue Joint Statement Slamming GOP Health Bill,"On Thursday, the National Association of Medicaid Directors sent Congress a devastating letter about their planned overhaul of American healthcare. The NAMD is an organization comprised of quite literally every single Medicaid chief in the country, and any statement issued by the entirety of its body is a rare thing. Ironically, the Trump era seems to have ushered in more than one situation in which there is unanimity in opposition to his policies and positions.Medicaid directors are appointed by state governors, which means that the office is filled by partisan picks. Fully 34 of the 50 states, in fact, have Republican governors, so the joint statement isn t just bipartisan   it s almost hyper-partisan.That makes this sharp criticism of the Graham-Cassidy bill even more poignant:BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.Big. Very unusual. pic.twitter.com/ZtqaAI8hg1  Andy Slavitt (@ASlavitt) September 22, 2017That tweet is clickable, and each image in the tweet is clickable, but here are the important parts, in case you don t feel like popping over to Twitter. The bill makes some major changes to Medicaid funding, including a massive transfer of funds from  blue  states to  red  states, and a transition to  block grants  that do not account for increased membership in Medicaid programs. That is to say, states would get the same fixed amount of money no matter how many people signed up, making states with high membership among those with the lowest per-patient allowance. Taken together, the per-capita caps and the envisioned block grant would constitute the largest intergovernmental transfer of financial risk from the federal government to the states in our country s history. The scope of this work, and the resources required to support state planning and implementation activities, cannot be overstated. States will need to develop overall strategies, invest in infrastructure development, systems changes, provider and managed care plan contracting, and perform a host of other activities. The vast majority of states will not be able to do so within the two-year timeframe envisioned here, especially considering the apparent lack of federal funding in the bill to support these critical activities. With only a few legislative days left for the entire process to conclude, there clearly is not sufficient time for policymakers, Governors, Medicaid Directors, or other critical stakeholders to engage in the thoughtful deliberation necessary to ensure successful long-term reforms. The mostly-Republican board of Medicaid Directors also took the GOP to task for trying to pass this bill before getting a score from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. Usually, that s the minimum a bill must have to even be considered for a vote. But Republicans are attempting to pass this bill before the end of the month, since that s the cutoff for them to do so with a simple majority. The Senate parliamentarian ruled that budget reconciliation, the process by which bills can be passed with a simple majority, expires at the end of Fiscal Year 2017. After September, votes will once again be subject to filibusters, meaning Republicans will need to muster 60 votes for anything they want to pass, unless they take Donald Trump s advice and invoke the  nuclear option  in the Senate.That s unlikely to happen, and Republicans are more desperate than ever for a win in Congress. That makes Graham-Cassidy a real danger to the future of American healthcare, despite this damning letter from the NAMD, and despite the massive opposition to the bill by every medical association, most states, nearly all consumers, and even some Republicans.Buckle up, my friends. This could get ugly.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 22, 2017"
 Trump’s HHS Sec. Latest To Be Caught Spending HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS Of Tax Dollars On Luxuries,"What is it with the Trump administration and spending tax dollars on things that are literal luxuries? Tom Price, Secretary of Health and Human Services, just got busted spending taxpayer dollars traveling on private planes   something to the tune of $300,000 already. Private travel on the taxpayers  dime is apparently the norm for Price   he s been doing this since he took the helm over at HHS.According to a report from Politico, Kathleen Sebelius and Sylvia Burwell, both of whom headed up HHS under Obama, tended to travel on commercial airlines when flying domestically. Price s officials claim that he only uses private jets when commercial travel isn t feasible, but most of these flights are between big U.S. cities where many airlines regularly fly. For instance, he took a private jet from Washington, D.C., to Nashville, but there are four nonstop flights per day between those two cities, with fares as low as $202.Even if he insisted on flying first class, that flight would have been considerably cheaper with average ticket prices around $1,000. His private jet from D.C. to Nashville cost $17,760.Most of his flights are to areas where he speaks about the opioid epidemic, and these engagements are planned well in advance so he could book his flights well in advance, too. It s not like most of his travel is at the last minute due to the nature of his job, or his  demanding schedule,  which is another excuse HHS officials are using.His spokespeople also claimed that he was taking private jets because he was just so amazingly busy directing recovery efforts in the hurricane-ravaged areas of Texas and Florida. However, Politico says that at least 17 of these private flights happened before Hurricane Harvey. There s no way he could possibly have been needed for recovery efforts for a hurricane that hadn t happened yet.One of those flights was from San Diego to the Aspen Ideas Festival in June. That s a swanky festival in the swanky resort town of Aspen, CO, and he spent taxpayer dollars on that. While it s true that he was speaking during a panel there, he arrived 19 hours before that panel, so it s really hard for him to claim that he had to book a private jet because this was too last minute. An average of 26 percent of the flights that go into Aspen are scheduled commercial   it s not like it s impossible to fly commercial into Aspen-Pitkin. Price s plane could have cost us as much as $7,100. Commercial flights cost well under half that.This administration is all about wasting taxpayer dollars, but cutting needed spending, while pretending to stand for regular Americans. It s absolutely sickening.Featured image via Chris Kleponis   Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 21, 2017"
" Trump Regrets, Move Over: ‘Sassy Gay Republican’ Is All Of The Healthcare Angst We Need Right Now","Unless you ve been living under a rock since January, you know that Republicans across the country have been slowly but slowly waking up to the horror that is their giant November mistake. In tale after tale, unfortunate conservatives, once defiant in their hatred of all things left of Hannity, are beginning to see what dyed-in-the-wool Republican policy looks like, and it ain t pretty.But with the disgusting Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill just around the corner and racing toward its September 30th finish line, Trumpcare is everything that MAGA-wearing troglodytes feared: They are just finding out that their diabetes will no longer be covered, their kid s heroin addiction is an afterthought, and their ailin  mama s Medicare is fixin  to be plowed over.Those folks I actually feel kind of bad for. I mean, not really. Most of them voted Trump because they hate Mexicans and gay people. But at least they have the decency to be sick over how nasty it s going to be to get sick under Trumpcare.The ones I have no sympathy for are the self-proclaimed  intellectuals  in the conservative realm. Like one  Sassy Gay Republican  on Twitter. His name is Alex, and if you visit his Twitter right now, it s a bit of a mess, because he s busy soaking in the fame and glory that comes with a BuzzFeed interview and someone calling you  the next Tomi Lahren  (which I don t think Alex has really thought through).But Bill Armagh felt kinda bad for Sassy Alex when he saw that he d been involved in a terrible car accident. We all did, really. But that doesn t stop any of us from drinking down some delicious schadenfreude at how fast life came at poor Sassy.A Sassy Gay Republican DRAMA in Four Acts. ?? pic.twitter.com/O3tNiTg56A  Billy, Just Billy (@BillyArmagh) September 20, 2017It started with a simple question that many Republicans have asked:Sassy may have a point! Go on, Sassy:But then Sassy hits a snag in the pantyhose of life, and is forced to re-think some things:That can t be good. If only there was a way you could be covered in situations like this. Hmm And even Billy was surprised to find out there was more to the story of the Sassy Gay Republican. It turns out his conservative friends didn t have as much sympathy for him as he thought they might in his time of need:And it looks like Sassy himself may be having some serious second thoughts about how well conservative policies serve his interests:Welcome to the club, Sassy Gay Republican. It s terrifying in here.Note: I have not included a link for Alex s GoFundMe page, because there is some question as to whether the picture may be from an accident in the past, and I am not down with helping anyone, no matter how sassy they are, scam the public for sympathy dollars.Featured image via Twitter/composite",News,"September 21, 2017"
 Mueller’s Latest Request In Russia Investigation Is Going To DESTROY Trump (DETAILS),"Special Counsel Robert Mueller has just dropped yet another unpleasant bombshell on Donald Trump, and it s really going to screw our disgraceful POTUS over.In the latest development in Trump s Russia investigation, Mueller is requesting the phone records from an Air Force One meeting where Trump apparently personally dictated the misleading statement about a meeting involving members of his campaign and a Russian official.Politico reports that records that Mueller is requesting will give insight into the statement that Trump s son, Donald Trump Jr., gave   a statement that caused Trump a massive amount of trouble when it was exposed. Sources close to the investigation have also stated that Mueller is investigating whether or not Trump is guilty for obstruction of justice when it comes to the firing of former FBI Director James Comey.To make matters even worse for Trump, Mueller also wants the documents that were related to a press briefing in May, in which former White House press secretary Sean Spicer had stated that Trump had confidence in Comey   and yet he fired the then-FBI Director less than a week later.If this doesn t look like the walls are caving in on Trump, we don t know what does. Mueller is getting closer to uncovering everything that Trump has been hiding, and it doesn t look like it s going to end well for the undeserving POTUS and his equally crooked campaign. What we can expect in the meantime is some very predictable, erratic behavior from Trump   threats to North Korea, unpresidential attacks on the media, more Obama and Clinton jabs   basically anything to distract America from his Russia probe. But Trump can only do that for so long   and it s clearly starting to catch up with him. It s only a matter of time before Mueller catches him red handed.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",News,"September 21, 2017"
 Beef Jerky Company Just Bit Off More Than It Can Chew With Direct Appeal To Nazis (VIDEO),"Jack Links, which is a very popular maker of beef jerky, just released a brand-new ad that is absolutely disgusting. It s supposed to give you facts about building muscle, and how beef jerky can aid you in that endeavor, but it does so as a direct appeal to Nazis and other white supremacists. Seriously.The 30-second spot features Green Bay Packers linebacker Clay Matthews, who literally says the following, word for word, at the beginning of the ad: I m the product of hard work, superior genetics, Norse mythology, and protein. The ad also shows primates putting muscle fibers back together, which could be seen as promoting slavery and anti-Semitism, since racists and anti-Semites have traditionally used monkeys to disparage black people and Jews. Watch below: Superior genetics  is what white supremacy and anti-Semitism are all about. Sure, on their planet, people are people, but whites have superior genes and built the whole world, and everyone needs to understand that. Adolf Hitler s Aryan race was all about superior genetics, the white supremacists and Nazis in this country push that, so there s no getting away from the fact that the term is a dog whistle to white supremacy.What about the  Norse mythology  claim, though? Most of our Nazis and white supremacists want to preserve western European genetics. Norse mythology is Scandinavian, so what the hell? It turns out that this is also an appeal to a very racist brand of Odinism, which, unfortunately, does have a fairly strong history in the U.S. among the white supremacist hate groups.This brand of Odinism was popular in Nazi Germany, and it s popular among today s white supremacists, including Nazis, KKK members, skinheads, and others. The reason for that is  it sings the virtues of the tribe, or folk, strongly emphasizing genetic closeness. And it credits whites with building civilization and an ethic of individual responsibility,  according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. That s exactly what white supremacists want. No more mixing of races because that s  white genocide,  and an acceptance that whites are the superior race above all others.Odinism is likely more appealing to these people than Christianity because Christianity (attempts) to emphasize inclusion and love of all, not the racial division they want. It also fits better with the anti-Semitism these hate groups harbor than Christianity does. However, many in these hate groups still call themselves Christian and pervert Christianity to suit their own needs, which those who actually promote Christian ethics say is  a problem.  It s possible that particular conflict can drive white supremacists to Odinism.Jack Links has a serious problem on its hands with this ad. They just branded themselves as openly white supremacist with a desire to appeal to the worst elements of our society. One might try to claim that they re just ignorant of the current social and political environments, but that s about as likely as Trump not knowing who David Duke is.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 21, 2017"
 Anti-Porn GOP Florida Lawmaker Was Just Caught Porning On Twitter,"The GOP has a thing for porn. In 2016, Sen. Todd Weiler introduced legislation asking his state to recognize that porn is creating a public health hazard and Republicans thought that was a cool idea. Well, now it s 2017 and a Florida lawmaker who filed a similar proposal was just busted favoriting a porn tweet. You could say he got Ted Cruzed.Just a few days ago, State Rep. Ross Spano filed a bill to declare pornography a public health crisis in Florida, but from his Twitter account, it appears he  liked  a pornographic tweet.According to the Orlando Weekly, the Republican s list of likes on Twitter is typically football clips, Bible verses, and GOP-related content about how evil Islam is. But, nestled into his  likes  list is a tweet from Jan. 8 by the  Goddess Lesbian  Twitter account, which features a video clip from adult entertainment company Reality Kings. On that same day, Spano liked a Biblical quote-tweet from Franklin Graham but we re not sure if that was before or after he was watching lesbians having sexy-time in front of the camera.Screenshot!This wouldn t matter in the least except for the bill Spano filled, HR157, which the Orlando Weekly notes is  incredibly harsh on adult content  and he left that  liked  porn tweet up for nine months. It appears to be deleted now. Franklin Graham s liked tweet is still there, though.The bill, which is contrary to research, states that  recent research indicates that pornography is potentially biologically addictive, resulting in the user consuming increasingly more shocking material to satisfy the addiction,  and adds,  Pornography has a detrimental effect on families and is linked to a reluctance to enter into marriage, dissatisfaction in marriage and marital infidelity. Spano says he didn t do it. It wasn t him being horny on Twitter.Obviously, I have a long social media history on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram since I was first elected in 2012. With a thorough examination of my accounts, it will be easy to see that this is not my doing. I have since gone back, once notified, and rectified the problem. And I m now looking into how it occurred in the first place.In addition, referencing my prior statement, I don t believe any of this takes the focus off of the fact that there is a direct correlation between pornography and a host of societal problems, including human trafficking, exploitation of children, sex slavery, and domestic violence.Sure, it wasn t Spano, it must have been that other Spano guy with the same Twitter account and password. Sounds legit!Image via YouTube screen capture.",News,"September 21, 2017"
 Ann Coulter Calls For Assembling ‘Death Squads’ To Kill Undocumented Immigrants (AUDIO),"This is why the right-wing should never have power again.Donald Trump s decision to work with Democrats on legislation that would enshrine the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program into law has angered his anti-immigration supporters.Despite the fact that these children were brought to America through no fault of their own and the fact that America is the only only home they have ever known, right-wingers like Ann Coulter want them deported anyway. And she is so angry over Trump s decision that she is now calling for the creation of death squads to go around the country executing anyone who is an undocumented immigrant or pro-immigration. We have made as clear as you can possibly make it, we want less immigration,  Coulter said during an appearance on the  Todd Starnes show.  Stop dumping the third world on the country. If he continues down this path, well I guess there are three options,  she continued.  There s the organizing the death squads for the people who ruined America, because there will be no more hope. I guess the other possibility is to   well I don t think anyone would mind him being impeached. What s the faction opposing that? And then at least we ll get Mike Pence. But in terms of saving America, maybe a third party. Here s the audio via Right Wing Watch.This is a seriously frightening threat that the American people must reject immediately. Furthermore, federal law enforcement authorities should investigate Coulter. Her words could literally inspire some right-wing nut jobs to actually create these death squads, which would go around terrorizing the nation.Killing immigrants and creating death squads is something that would make Adolf Hitler proud. This is the kind of action that Nazis want in this country and Coulter needs to face serious consequences for even suggesting it as an option.  Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty",News,"September 21, 2017"
 Obama Just Made A VERY Powerful Statement About Trump’s Attempts To Repeal Obamacare (VIDEO),"President Barack Obama appeared today at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation s  Goalkeepers  event, an event aimed at effecting change on a global scale in the areas of world hunger, education access and quality, clean energy, healthcare, gender equality, clean water, climate action, and a host of other goals the Foundation wants to help us work toward.Many speakers were on hand for the event, including President Obama, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, will.i.am, Malala, Stephen Fry, and more, all with stories of empowerment and positive change and possibility. But in America s current climate of fear and unease about what will happen with health care in this country, it was President Obama s speech that was particularly emblematic of the struggle we face in determining the outcome of the American way of life when it comes to insurance, medical care, and ongoing health concerns.This is in stark contrast with what we see in everyday life in America, where we seemingly can t even agree on whether or not white supremacists are bad, or if it s okay to run over protesters. We are engaged in a fight for our very lives, and at least legislatively speaking, Obama knows how hard it looks from where we are.From the video you re about to watch: [W]hen I see those people trying to undo that hard-won progress, for the 50th or 60th time, with bills that would raise costs or reduce coverage, or roll back protections for older Americans or people with pre-existing conditions   the cancer survivor, the expecting mom, or the child with autism, or asthma, for whom coverage once again would be almost unattainable  it is aggravating.And all of this being done without any demonstrable economic, or actuarial, or plain common sense rationale   it frustrates. And it s certainly frustrating to have to mobilize every couple months to keep our leaders from inflicting real human suffering on our constituents. President Obama couldn t be more right. Although he is diplomatic here and does not call out Donald Trump and the Republicans by name, it is vital that we hold them to account. It is absolutely imperative that we make sure they cannot tear away at the fabric of our society and rip away at the moral cloth we ve woven in beginning the process of ensuring every American has access to health care.Watch the video here:Featured image via Yana Paskova/Getty Images",News,"September 20, 2017"
 WATCH: Morgan Freeman Uses His Brilliant Movie Scripting Skills To Explain Just How Dangerous The Russia Scandal Is,"So many people want to call the Special Counsel investigation into the Trump campaign s potential collusion with the Russian government to fix the 2016 presidential election  fake news.  They listen to every word out of Donald Trump s mouth, all the while being blind to his systematically dismantling our democratic institutions   and potentially our republic as we know it. However, there is a huge anti-Trump resistance movement going, and we aren t going to sit idly by while this dangerous man   potentially with the aid of the Russian government   destroys all we hold dear as a nation. Well, whether the government cares about this or not, plenty of ordinary   and not so ordinary   citizens do care. One such person is iconic actor Morgan Freeman.Freeman has joined with other concerned citizens to raise awareness about the seriousness of the Russia probe. In his trademark, unmistakable baritone, Freeman announces in a new video for the newly launched Committee to Investigate Russia: We have been attacked. We are at war. Also with this new and potentially powerful organization is actor Rob Reiner. In his most ominous and godly voice, Freeman continues in the Committee s launch video: My fellow Americans, during this past election, we came under attack by the Russian government. I ve called on Congress and our intelligence community to use every resource available to conduct a thorough investigation to determine exactly how this happened. Freeman couches the whole thing as if it were some wildly brilliant movie script   but in the end reminds us all that it s not, that this is indeed very real and that Trump and Russia are very dangerous. Therefore, we must act.Also involved in the project are anti-Trump GOPers who have more patriotism in their pinkie fingernails than the cowards in Congress could ever know such as radio host Charlie Sykes and Atlantic editor David Frum.This truly is a brilliant project. Perhaps Freeman s compelling voice and brilliant way of expressing this crisis will break the Trump fever before we all perish from it. We can hope, that s for sure.Watch this incredible video below:For generations, ppl have fought to protect democracy. Now it s our turn. Watch Morgan Freeman explain Russia s plot to undermine the U.S. pic.twitter.com/t65wckbmxS  Investigate Russia (@InvestigateRU) September 19, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 20, 2017"
 Trump Judicial Nominee: Transgender Children Are Part Of ‘Satan’s Plan’ Of ‘Destruction’,"Donald Trump s nominee for a federal judgeship in Texas sounds like Michele Bachmann in his defense of conversion therapy, a discredited and dangerous practice. That practice, which claims to change a person s sexual orientation or gender identity or expression, has been rejected by every mainstream medical and mental health organization for decades. So naturally, Donald Trump s judicial pick, Jeff Mateer, the current first assistant attorney general of Texas, thinks it s a swell idea.At the time Mateer was serving as general counsel of the First Liberty Institute (have you noticed the  liberty  never means what they think it means?), he faced criticism from LGBT rights groups.Flashback: As the GOP nominee, Donald Trump said,  As your president, I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens from the violence and oppression of a hateful foreign ideology. Believe me. And then he chose a bigot as his vice-president and now a judicial nominee with his head up his a**.If Mateer is confirmed by the US Senate, he will serve on the US District Court for the Eastern District of Texas.CNN reports:In a May 2015 speech, titled  The Church and Homosexuality,  Mateer discussed a Colorado lawsuit in which the parents of a transgender girl sued her school for preventing her from using the bathroom of her choice. In Colorado, a public school has been sued because a first grader and I forget the sex, she s a girl who thinks she s a boy or a boy who thinks she s a girl, it s probably that, a boy who thinks she s a girl,  Mateer said in a video posted on Vimeo in 2015 And the school said,  Well, she s not using the girl s restroom.  And so she has now sued to have a right to go in. Now, I submit to you, a parent of three children who are now young adults, a first grader really knows what their sexual identity?  he said.  I mean it just really shows you how Satan s plan is working and the destruction that s going on. Trump, however, said in April that people should  use the bathroom they feel is appropriate.  Apparently, that s all changed now as he picks staunch and extreme conservatives to fill his administration and now, judicial posts.In that same May 2015 speech, Mateer said that the Supreme Court decision allowing same-sex marriage could lead to what he called  disgusting  new forms of matrimony. I submit to you that there ll be no line there,  he said.  Why couldn t four 4 people wanna get married? Why not one man and three women? Or three women and one man? I mean, it s disgusting. I ve learned words I didn t know. I mean, other than my assistants here, have you ever heard the word  throuple ?  Throuple  so that s three people coming together of different sexes, maybe mixed sexes,  he continued as if he couldn t stop himself.  Them coming together. There are people who marry themselves. Somebody wanted to marry a tree. People marrying their pets. It s just like   you know, you read the New Testament and you read about all the things and you think,  Oh, that s not going on in our community.  Oh yes, it is. We re back to that time where debauchery rules. Later that year in November 2015, Mateer blasted states for banning gay conversion therapy at a conference hosted by controversial pastor Kevin Swanson, who preaches that the Biblical punishment for homosexuality is death. Swanson has called for executing gays and he did that at an event packed with GOP candidates. The issue is always, it s same sex,  Mateer said, according to CNN.  And if you re giving conversion therapy, that s been outlawed in at least two states and then in some local areas. So they re invading that area. Image via screen capture. ",News,"September 20, 2017"
 Trump APOLOGIZED To Dictator After Protesters Attacked His Guards’ Fists With Their Faces,"Donald Trump has spent a lot of time cozying up to dictators during his time as what we are forced to call  President,  but he just did something that should have every single American outraged: he apologized to Turkish dictator Recep Tayyip Erdo an over an incident earlier this year in which his bodyguards brutally attacked American protesters.Eleven Americans were injured (including a police officer) and nine were hospitalized when Erdo an s security forces charged a group of peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador s residence. We are communicating our concern to the Turkish government in the strongest possible terms,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said at the time.Apparently, that translates to:  I m sorry Daddy, please don t be mad at me. Can I still have a pony? Erdo an told PBS NewsHour on Tuesday that Donald Trump called  about a week ago about this issue.  And Trump certainly took a stand against Americans: He said that he was sorry and that he was going to follow up on this issue when we come to the United States within the framework for an official visit. The White House, which regularly lies in press conferences and releases, denies that an apology was made.Last month, a grand jury indicted 19 defendants (including 15 of Erdo an s security guards) for the brutal attack on protesters. The Hill reports:The defendants, 16 of whom were charged in June on criminal complaints, were indicted on a charge of conspiracy to commit a crime of violence. Many of the 19 were also indicted on additional charges including assault with a dangerous weapon and aggravated assault.The charges stem from Turkish President Recep Erdogan s visit to Washington in May to meet President Trump. Guards for Erdogan attacked protesters near the embassy in a brawl that was caught on video.The Turkish Embassy defended the guards at the time, saying they were acting in self-defense and claiming the protesters were aligned with a terrorist group from Turkey.But Washington s police chief said the attack was unprovoked.Two defendants have been arrested, but the rest are currently at large.Was Erdo an lying? Maybe   but at this point, he is more trustworthy than our serial liar-in-chief who regularly shows his disdain for the majority of the people he is supposed to lead.Donald Trump is disgusting, as is anyone who works for him willingly and anyone who voted for him.Featured image via screengrab",News,"September 20, 2017"
 Global Survey HUMILIATES Trump After He Claims World Leaders Loved Everything He Said At United Nations,"Let s just put it this way, if world leaders really agree with Donald Trump they have a lot of explaining to do in their home countries.Because a massive global survey found that only TWO nations think Trump is doing a good job.During his speech to the United Nations General Assembly this week, Trump voiced his disdain for the United Nations, accusing the organization of being a mismanaged bureaucracy and threatened to pull American financial and military support.Trump also threatened war with North Korea and criticized the Iran nuclear deal while one of his top advisers told climate ministers that Trump is still withdrawing America from the historic Paris climate agreement.Afterwards, Trump took to Twitter to boast about his speech, and claimed that those in attendance agreed with most or all of what he said.A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 20, 2017In fact, Trump received tepid clapping from the General Assembly, not even close to the kind of thunderous applause President Obama received when he spoke before the international peace-keeping body.And a new study of global surveys reveals that most nations in the world have very little confidence in Trump, which means all the world diplomats who supposedly agree with  much or all  of what Trump said can expect to be replaced. In fact, the only nations who have a favorable view of Trump are Russia and Israel.According to FiveThirtyEight.com, Since Trump took office, confidence in the president has gone down further, on average, than favorability toward the U.S.: Confidence dropped 47 points; U.S. favorability just 13 points Some of the biggest declines have been in countries with whom the U.S. has a collective defense agreement, such as NATO members and Japan, especially when it comes to confidence in the president Mexico, unsurprisingly, also saw a big public opinion drop on both questions. On the other hand, public favorability toward the U.S. has gone up in Russia, and public confidence in the president has gone up in both Israel and Russia since Trump took office. While President Obama enjoyed a public confidence rating of 63 to 73 percent, Trump only has a rating of 27 percent.One of the largest drops came from South Korea, in which only 17 percent have confidence in Trump. 88 percent had confidence in President Obama just two years ago. Clearly, South Koreans are alarmed by the pissing match Trump is having with Kim Jong-Un to discover who is the craziest dictator of them all. Overall, though, Trump has brought a return to George W. Bush-era levels of favorability for the U.S. and the presidency,  FiveThirtyEight concluded.And it turns out that the world disagrees with Trump on most of the issues.Only one nation agreed with Trump s climate change policy. Trump s Mexican border wall was  almost universally disliked.  His vows to withdraw from trade agreements were just as unpopular. Only Turkey approved of withdrawing from the Iran deal. And only three nations approve of Trump s Muslim ban. Basically, most of Trump s supporters come from nations that have committed human rights violations or have oppressive governments.In short, the world representatives who make up the United Nations General Assembly are more likely repulsed by Trump. Tepid clapping is not the definition of overwhelming agreement. Trump thinks that everyone likes him and agrees with him because he is a delusional narcissist.The reality is that Trump has turned America into an international joke and has harmed our reputation around the globe. He is an embarrassment to our country who should be removed from office immediately before he inflicts more damage.He is now the most hated president in history, and that must make George W. Bush very happy. Featured Image: Ron Sachs   Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 20, 2017"
" Trump’s UN Speech May Have Been Terrible, But The Faces Of Other Representatives Were Priceless","By now you would be more than aware of President Trump s first address to the United Nations General Assembly, a speech that CNN s senior White House correspondent Jim Acosta referred to as  a lot of Trump tweets strung together. Trump has never been shy in criticizing the UN, but now also needs their help and in his rambling, combative 41-minute speech, allegedly written by Stephen Miller, the President acted like school bully, calling terrorists  losers,  referring to Kim Jong Un as  Rocket Man  and threatening to  totally destroy North Korea if the US and its allies were forced to defend themselves.In fact, at times it almost seemed like an unfunny roast of sorts, looking around the room, randomly calling out world leaders and criticizing their leadership, as well as their countries; He called the Iranian government  a corrupt dictatorship behind the false guise of a democracy  whose  chief exports are violence, bloodshed, and chaos  and described Venezuela under President Nicol s Maduro as a  corrupt regime  that has  destroyed a prosperous nation by ideology that has produced poverty and misery everywhere it has been tried.  Strangely enough, Russia wasn t targeted in his act.President Trump seemed quite happy with his delivery, taking to Twitter to boast about the overwhelmingly positive reaction to his speech:A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 20, 2017But was it, though? Sure, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tweeted that, in his 30 years with the UN, he had never heard a  bolder or more courageous speech,  however, few shared Netanyahu s sentiments. They say a picture paints a thousand words and here are some pictures that show the true responses of those in attendance as the President delivered his address:Photo: Eduardo Munoz / ReutersNorth Korean ambassador Ja Song Nam stormed out before the President had even begun speaking, which left both seats empty for the Democratic People s Republic of Korea.Photos: Mary Altaffer/APAll White House Chief of Staff John Kelly could do was put his head in his hands and wish he was anywhere else, while the first lady listened on expressionless, although maybe she s just not capable of facial expressions right now.Photo: UNTVWere the Zimbabwean representatives even listening? I guess it could be a pretty opportune chance to catch a power-nap.Photo: UNTVThis Syrian delegate seemed to be giving President Trump a not-so-subtle hand gesture.Photo: Mary Altaffer / APThe first thing you would probably notice about this Iranian representative is his less-than-pleased facial expression, but it turns out it was the fact that he donned his glasses while Trump blasted Tehran s  rogue regime  that showed his true feelings:In Persian culture putting on one's glasses is the equivalent of GTFOH https://t.co/36u6Fx4anM  Arash Karami (@thekarami) September 19, 2017Photo: UNTVBut the facial expressions of everyone shown here were almost certainly representative of almost all in attendance.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"September 20, 2017"
 Racist Charleston Church Shooter Seems To Think He Is Entitled To A Literal White Supremacist As His Public Defender,"By now, everyone knows that Dylann Roof, the South Carolina white supremacist who shot up am historic Black Church in Charleston South Carolina, did it because the parishioners were Black. They invited him to their worship service, and after he sat there with them for more than an hour, he killed them. Well, Roof has been sentenced to die, and his case is not in the appeals process. Like all people, no matter how despicable, Roof is entitled, via the law, to a competent defense. Since he cannot afford his own team of attorneys, they have been provided for him in the form of public defenders. There s just one problem with that, though: According to Dylann Roof, his lawyers are the wrong color.Appointed to represent Roof are public defenders Alexandra Yates and Sapna Mirchandani, who are Jewish and Indian, respectively. Those facts seem to be the only things that are wrong here, rather than their actual defense of Roof. This isn t the first time race has entered into Roof s court proceedings; he had similar mishaps with his original attorney during the trial portion of his ordeal. The man representing him during that time, David Bruck, is Jewish. Roof said of the issues there: His ethnicity was a constant source of conflict even with my constant efforts to look past it. Trust is a vital component in an attorney client relationship, and is important to the effectiveness of the defense. Because of my political views, which are arguably religious, it will be impossible for me to trust two attorneys that are my political and biological enemies. To that end, the racist murderer, who seems to be more or less representing himself at this point, penned a missive from prison, firing his public defenders on the basis of their ethnicity:As if all of this weren t bad enough, Roof threatened his original lawyer, David Bruck, with death if he ever got out of prison.Luckily, the judge presiding over Roof s case sees his racism for what it is, and is denying this so-called  motion. In short, if anyone deserves the death penalty, it s this piece of less-than-human excrement. No sympathy here, despite my usual opposition to the death penalty. If anyone deserves to die for his crimes, it s Dylann Roof.Featured image via video screen capture from ABC News Video",News,"September 19, 2017"
 Trump Just Became First President In Modern History To Use Campaign Funds For Criminal Defense,"Donald Trump has been fundraising like crazy for his re-election campaign, having filed his papers the day he was inaugurated for his first term. But there s quite possibly an odd reason for his incessant begging for funds: According to Reuters, he s using the money to pay for his defense team in the Russia scandal.Reuters spoke to two people who are familiar with the situation, but they were unable to determine how much has already been spent on legal fees. Federal election laws allow candidates to spend private campaign donations on legal matters, but up until now, the legal matters in question dealt with routine and mundane things such as compliance requirements and ballot access issues.Trump may well become the first president in the modern campaign finance era to use his donations to pay for a criminal defense in addition to routine legal matters. One of the biggest reasons that candidates shifted largely from public financing to private financing for their election campaigns is so they have greater flexibility in how they spend that money. That helps to give Trump greater latitude to spend donations on his own legal defense. Furthermore, since the Russia scandal is something that may not have existed had he not been elected, Trump and his family may well be legally free to spend their donors  dollars on Russia.His campaign organization currently has nearly $12 million. When Reuters asked Trump s lead attorney how the bills were getting paid, he snapped,  That s none of your business. Trump spent a large chunk of his campaign funding on his own properties during the 2016 election cycle, and has been spending government money at some of those same properties, lining his pockets with public dollars. His campaign has paid one law firm Jones Day almost $4 million, some of which probably did go to help with the Russia probe. Jones Day has also responded to inquiries related to Russia, including sending documents to Congress on the campaign s behalf.Here s the sad thing: His donors, whether they know where their money is going or not, would probably cheer their chance to help Trump defeat the liberal conspiracy that is the Russia probe. They think they re helping him get re-elected in 2020, so they think they re helping him defeat the great deep-state witch hunt.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"September 19, 2017"
 We Can’t Afford To Feed The Poor But We’re Spending $700 Billion Per Year To Kill People,"The military s budget is being massively expanded this year, and nobody is really sure why. The answer seems to be  because we can.  Republicans in the Senate have decided that the Pentagon should receive even more money than Trump s hawkish White House wanted, and is giving the military things it never requested and does not need. The 2018 National Defense Authorization Act approves a budget of $696 billion, an annual increase of $80 billion. Meanwhile, Republicans are out to gut aid programs for low-income Americans.So why aren t  deficit hawks  like Paul Ryan questioning where this money will come from? We re ballooning the deficit to kill people, and for what, exactly? The Pentagon does not need the money. For example, the budget has allowed for 94 new F-35 Lightning fighter jets. Via Bloomberg:The measure would authorize 94 F-35 jets made by Lockheed Martin Corp., 24 more than requested by the president and seven more than the House agreed to in its version of the bill.Oh, by the way, the budget is also illegal. Why is that? Well, a law passed in 2011 only allows $549 billion in base-related expenses. The United States has 800 military bases and hundreds of thousands of soldiers occupying nations around the globe. The budget as it stands recommends $640 billion:Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.) said during floor debate that his panel ignored the budget constraints set in law because responding to national security challenges requires more resources. The threats to our national security have not been more complex, severe, or daunting at any time in the past seven decades   and our job is to ensure we have a military capable of meeting those threats,  McCain said.  For too long, we have locked ourselves into making strategic decisions based on budget realities. It is time to start making budget decisions based on strategic realities. That s right. Republicans think we should make  budget decisions based on strategic realities,  completely ignoring military-related deficits, in order to pay for jets (and other stuff) the military never asked for and does not need.Or, maybe, the massive lobbying arm of the defense industry has more to do with it. They ve already spent tens of millions in 2017 alone to buy politicians and influence, and there s no slowing down.these two things are unrelated pic.twitter.com/3PGzZzrLj9  Adam H. Johnson (@adamjohnsonNYC) September 19, 2017What else could that money pay for? Great question. Common Dreams has a great perspective on the true cost of needless military spending:Put another way, with a $700 billion military budget, the U.S. would be spending more than three times as much as China on its military, and 10 times as much as Russia. According to [the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute], the U.S. already accounts for more than a third of all military spending.Yes, in the entire world. The United States, with about 1/25 of the world s population, is responsible for over 1/3 of the military spending worldwide. Who are we preparing to fight, exactly?Or with $80 billion a year, you could make public colleges and universities in the U.S. tuition-free. In fact, Sanders s proposal was only estimated to cost the federal government $47 billion per year.If the additional military spending over the next 10 years instead went to pay off student debt, it could come close to wiping it out entirely.Yet those kind of ideas, or universal healthcare coverage, are dismissed out-of-hand by Republicans. Maybe that s because the everyday people who would benefit most don t pay as well as insurance and military lobbyists. Maybe that s because most politicians, but especially Republicans, are more invested in personal careers and success than they are in their country.Eight members of the Senate voted against the bill: Bernie Sanders (I-VT), Jeff Merkley (D-OR), Bob Corker (R-TN), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Patrick Leahy (D-VT), Mike Lee (R-UT), Rand Paul (R-KY), and Ron Wyden (D-OR).Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"September 19, 2017"
 Trump Doesn’t Want You To Know About This Study That PROVES Refugees Contribute To Our Economy,"Trump administration officials who were under pressure from the White House scrapped a study which found that refugees had brought in more government revenue overall than they had cost in benefits, the New York Times reports. The Trump administration has been unable to rationalize its move to reduce the number of refugees allowed into the United States next year, so it rejected a study by the Department of Health and Human Services which concluded that refugees brought in $63 billion more in government revenues over the past ten years than they cost.The New York Times reports:The draft report, which was obtained by The New York Times, contradicts a central argument made by advocates of deep cuts in refugee totals as President Trump faces an Oct. 1 deadline to decide on an allowable number. The issue has sparked intense debate within his administration as opponents of the program, led by Mr. Trump s chief policy adviser, Stephen Miller, assert that continuing to welcome refugees is too costly and raises concerns about terrorism.Alt-Right leader Richard Spencer has claimed that he was a mentor of Stephen Miller s and said that his mentee is a white nationalist. Miller denied that affiliation with Spencer, but his actions prove that he s an extremist.The study concluded that refugees  contributed an estimated $269.1 billion in revenues to all levels of government  between 2005 and 2014 via the payment of federal, state and local taxes.  Overall, this report estimated that the net fiscal impact of refugees was positive over the 10-year period, at $63 billion. The White House claims that the study was politically motivated. This leak was delivered by someone with an ideological agenda, not someone looking at hard data,  a White House spokesman said.  The actual report pursuant to the presidential memorandum shows that refugees with few skills coming from war-torn countries take more government benefits from the Department of Health and Human Services than the average population, and are not a net benefit to the U.S. economy. According to two sources, Miller personally intervened to ensure that only the costs   and not any fiscal benefit   of the program were considered, so it appears that he intentionally left out a few major details.Trump has filled his administration with swamp-like creatures, including Steve Bannon, who once played a large role in the White House, and Stephen Miller who still occupies Trump s ear.Photo: Alex Wong via Getty images.",News,"September 19, 2017"
 Republican Senate Candidate Thinks If You Don’t Believe In God You Deserve To Be Shot,"Republicans always like to push back on the idea that they are bigots. However, that s hard to believe, considering some of their racist and otherwise bigoted official policies. It becomes an even harder claim to believe when they have openly bigoted candidates. Case in point   Alabama Senate Candidate Roy Moore.Moore has been removed from the federal bench not once but twice, due to his allowing his bigotry to make him defy the United States Supreme Court. Now, Moore has decided that his next target of American citizens is those who do not believe in the Christian god. In a shocking statement, Moore says of non-believers: You wonder why we re having shootings, and killings here in 2017? Because we ve asked for it. We ve taken God out of everything. We ve taken prayer out of school, we ve taken prayer out of council meetings. This man is a deranged extremist. He gave a speech just last month where he blamed America s march away from religion in the public square for the nation s ills. Well, newsflash, Mr. Moore: America is not, never has been, and never will be a Christian nation. You and your fellow fascist Christ warriors are in for a rude awakening. The rest of us will not tolerate your continued verbal abuse of us, and nor will we tolerate your attempting to enshrine bigotry into law. Considering where you re from   super Christian Alabama   you ll likely win your Senate race. However, I am sure that there are cooler heads within the United States Senate   including other Republicans   who will find this language offensive and outrageous, as they should.You, sir, are a bigot and a charlatan who has no business holding public office of any kind.Featured image via Gary Tramontina/Getty Images",News,"September 19, 2017"
" Roy Moore Wants To Be Alabama’s Senator, But He Can’t Stop Being A Giant Racist","The name sounds familiar, right? Here s why: He used to be Judge Roy Moore, that one guy from The Dukes of Hazzard. Roscoe, you get them Duke Boys in here now! No, wait.Oh, that s right   He was Chief Justice Roy Moore, of the Alabama Supreme Court. Remember the dude back in 2003 who refused to remove the monument of the Ten Commandments from the grounds of the courthouse? That s him. He s one of just a handful of judges who have ever been removed from office in this country by a judicial panel. Funny enough, he got re-elected to the position a decade later, but got smacked down again, this time because he told Alabama judges to ignore the Supreme Court and continue turning away same-sex marriage license applicants.Now Ol  Roy wants to serve in the Yoo-nited States Senate, taking the place of Trump s Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who vacated his Senate seat after his appointment to the Department of Justice.The problem is, like the guy before him (who shares a namesake with that guy in the white hat), Roy Moore is an unrepentant racist. I m pretty sure when Roy kicks the proverbial bucket, his headstone is going to read  Jesus Christ Was A White Man. So it was with no small amount of suppressed horror that the world watched the Formerly-Honorable Roy Moore call Native Americans and Asians  reds and yellows  at a campaign event on Sunday: We know that we were torn apart in the Civil War. Brother against brother, North against South, party against party. What s changed? Now we got blacks and whites fighting. Reds and yellows fighting. Democrats and Republicans fighting. Men and women fighting. What s gonna unite us? What s gonna bring us back together? A president? A Congress? No, it s gonna be God. We assume he means the white, Republican, male God.Watch the video here:Featured image via Erik S. Lesser/Getty Images",News,"September 18, 2017"
 California Assembly Passes MAJOR Legislation To Keep Trump Off The Ballot In 2020,"You know how Donald Trump stubbornly refuses to release his tax returns? Well, the California state assembly told him to f*ck off last week when they passed a bill that would require presidential candidates to release their tax returns before they are allowed on the state s ballot.The Presidential Tax Transparency and Accountability Act passed 42-18 in the assembly and now heads to the state Senate. If and when it passes there, it will head to the governor s desk for his signature. President Trump s blatant disregard for the tradition of releasing tax returns is dangerous to our democracy,  says state Sen. Mike McGuire, one of the bill s co-authors. For decades, every President has put their personal beliefs aside and put our country first and released their returns. SB 149 helps to reestablish desperately needed transparency in the White House, and we are looking forward to seeing the Governor s signature on the bill,  he says of the bill, which would require at least five years of returns from candidates. As the months continue to go by in the disastrous Trump Administration and the investigations and conflicts of interest pile up, it becomes more and more clear how critical basic transparency is in how we elect our president,  another co-author of the bill, state senator Scott Wiener, said, adding that this would give  the American people the honesty and transparency they deserve. It s unlikely that Trump would win California in the first place, but it s looking like if he wants to do it in California he will need to cough up his returns.Featured image via Getty Images/Alex Wong",News,"September 18, 2017"
 CNN’s Don Lemon: Trump Shouldn’t Get Apology From ESPN Until He Apologizes For Racism Against Obama (VIDEO),"If Donald Trump really wants an apology from ESPN, he ll need to issue a significant public apology to President Obama first.At least that s what CNN host Don Lemon told TMZ when he was encountered by a crew at an airport this week.Last week, ESPN host Jemele Hill called Trump a white supremacist on Twitter in response to his remarks blaming  both sides  for the violence at Charlottesville and his comment that white supremacists are  fine people. Donald Trump is a white supremacist who has largely surrounded himself w/ other white supremacists,  Hill wrote.And it s true. Trump has been very reluctant to criticize white supremacists and does so very weakly when he finally does. And even then he soon reverses himself.Well, it didn t take long for Trump s team of snowflakes to cry foul. White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders abused her position by calling for ESPN to fire Hill.Then Trump attacked ESPN and demanded an apology on Twitter.ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017So far, Trump has not received an apology from ESPN or Hill. Instead, Hill expressed regret that her personal remarks on her personal Twitter account caused grief for her employers. She stood by her remarks about Trump.And according to Don Lemon, if Trump really wants an apology he should start by apologizing to President Obama for promoting birtherism. I think when the president worked for NBC at The Apprentice, and he said that Barack Obama was not born here, and he called Barack Obama a racist. If he apologizes for that, then maybe ESPN should apologize. Here s the video via YouTube.Frankly, Trump doesn t deserve an apology at all. But he definitely owes President Obama several apologies. Trump has repeatedly smeared Obama over the years, especially since taking office even though it s considered seriously bad taste to bash your predecessor in the way Trump has been doing.But Trump worst offense committed against Obama is the perpetuation of the racist birther claims that he repeatedly pushed, especially on Fox News.Trump should have to apologize for that, but he won t because he thinks he s the only one who is ever owed an apology. Trump plays the victim card all the time, but you never heard President Obama whine like Trump does because Obama has true class. Obama rose above the abuse while Trump throws temper tantrums like a petulant child over the smallest of slights.The difference between Hill and Trump is Hill called it like it is while Trump pushed damnable lies that had already been repeatedly debunked.He should be ashamed of himself.Featured Image: Zach Gibson   Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 18, 2017"
" Michael Flynn Begs For Donations On Twitter, Gets Wrecked By The Internet","Remember that time Michael Flynn led  lock her up  chants at a rally for Donald Trump, and also said that he  would be in jail  if he had done  a tenth  of what Hillary Clinton did? Well, that was last year. It s 2017 and the disgraced former Trump administration national security adviser is begging for donations to help with expenses to defray costs connected to the investigations into Russian election meddling. The various investigations arising out of the 2016 presidential election have placed a tremendous financial burden on our brother Mike and his family. The enormous expense of attorneys  fees and other related expenses far exceed their ability to pay,  Flynn s siblings, Joe Flynn and Barbara Redgate, said in a statement, according to CNN. To help ensure that he can defend himself, we have set up a legal defense fund, and we are asking Mike s supporters, veterans and all people of goodwill to contribute whatever amount they can to this fund.,  the statement continued.On Twitter, Flynn wrote,  Lori and I are very grateful to my brother Joe and sister Barbara for creating a fund to help pay my legal defense costs,  and added,  We deeply appreciate the support of family and friends across this nation who have touched our lives. Flynn included a link to donate so that he will not be locked up. Isn t karma a wonderful thing?We deeply appreciate the support of family and friends across this nation who have touched our lives. https://t.co/O08co3DRpn 2/2  General Flynn (@GenFlynn) September 18, 2017Twitter users are drinking Flynn s tears.#LOCKHIMUP  Joe H-man?? ? ? ?? (@HallmanComposer) September 18, 2017 pic.twitter.com/NHtRJektAa  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) September 18, 2017Do you accept rubles?  TJ (@TJishsh) September 18, 2017You mean you already spent all the money you got for selling out your country???  Bente Klinge (@BenteKlinge) September 18, 2017You're a traitor.  Grant Stern (@grantstern) September 18, 2017 pic.twitter.com/RuIhRiYexe  Rule of Law (@BaconJoel) September 18, 2017have fun in prison  Lee Perry (@likeleeperry) September 18, 2017Nice to know you'll have the support of family on visiting days.  StuckinIL (@mjamgb22) September 18, 2017I wish I could SPIT through twitter, you disgust me. ????? pic.twitter.com/ppe3fynMaH  cold war vet (@katkel_ga) September 18, 2017You could have saved the trouble of having to set up a defense fund by not being a traitor.  kat kl (@madkatkl) September 18, 2017Espionage is a tough charge to defend against eh Mike?  Pinche-GOP Meltdown (@Pinche_Pi) September 18, 2017Wait, this was the guy yelling ""lock her up""Karmas attacked to a blowtorch  Thirtysixmiles (@thirtysixmiles) September 18, 2017 pic.twitter.com/vXZbuZx2dW  SeriouslyUS? (@USseriously) September 18, 2017Maybe you should have saved some of that foreign money you lied about receiving  GatorOs (@GatorOs) September 18, 2017There are some Trump supporters on Twitter who are heralding Flynn as a  hero  who has been undermined by the  Deep State . We encourage those conservatives to donate every penny they have stashed away to help this traitorous arsehole while Special Counsel Robert Mueller buries him. Meanwhile, our donations can go to candidates who will help us to drain Trump s murky swamp which strangely seems to have a Russia accent now, thankyouverymuch.Photo by Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images.",News,"September 18, 2017"
 WATCH: Trump Brags About Himself And Trump Tower During Remarks At United Nations Headquarters,"It took all of a few seconds for Donald Trump to start bragging about himself during his remarks at the United Nations.Trump World Tower is a residential skyscraper catering primarily to the wealthy.It also happens to be across the street from the United Nations Headquarters where the General Assembly is meeting this week and where Trump spoke on Monday morning.Predictably, Trump began his remarks by bragging about the building and himself. Thank you very much. Thank you. I actually saw great potential right across the street to be honest with you,  Trump began.  And it was only for the reason that the United Nations was here that that turned out to be such a successful project. So, I want to thank you, Ambassador Haley for your introduction and your steadfast advocacy for American interests on the world stage. Here s the video via Twitter.Pres. Trump on luxury residential property by UN: United Nations being there was reason  that turned out to be such a successful project.  pic.twitter.com/kid9STah3W  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) September 18, 2017So, Trump can t even stop being a narcissist for one day to address the distinguished diplomats and representatives of the United Nations.It should be noted that New Yorkers strongly opposed the construction of Trump World Tower in the late 1990s, including legendary journalist Walter Cronkite.Basically, Trump robbed the neighborhood of their view of the East River and Long Island by placing a big ugly tower in front of it so that only wealthy people staying in his building could enjoy it. Residents were also concerned that the big ugly building would dwarf the more aesthetically pleasing United Nations Headquarters, which it did.Trump is nothing more than a cheap salesman who is more interested in touting his real estate ventures than he is in promoting international peace and cooperation. That s incredibly sad.Once again, Trump embarrassed himself and America on the world stage. And those were just his opening remarks. Just imagine how much more he will embarrass our country before he is done speaking. The United States is going to be an even bigger joke on the international stage than we have ever been.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"September 18, 2017"
 Your Local News Station Might Be Turning Into A Pro-Trump Propaganda Network Right Before Your Eyes,"When Americans think about state-run television, we don t expect it to happen here. When we turn on the local news at night, we expect straight news, a rundown of the facts regarding local and national events. If we want opinion shows, we know where to go. If you re a conservative, there s a plethora of shows to watch on Fox News that offer soothing confirmation bias, such as Tucker Carlson Tonight, Hannity, or Fox and Friends. If you re a liberal, you can get the same on your side of the aisle on MSNBC with The Last Word with Lawrence O Donnell, The Rachel Maddow Show, or All In with Chris Hayes (though, to be fair, while they are opinion shows, the latter network doesn t lie, while Fox does). However, all of that could be changing.It turns out that many of America s local stations are owned by a company called Sinclair Broadcasting. That company happens to be pro-Trump. They are now going to have 174 stations around the country that will now be airing pro-Trump items on a daily basis, and those shows will be broadcast to the unsuspecting viewing public as actual news. According to Politicus USA, those shows will consist of the following:  The Terrorism Alert Desk, advertised as a daily news update about terrorist activity.  News pieces from Epshteyn, Sinclair s chief political analyst.  A clearly labeled opinion show featuring Mark Hyman, a former vice president of the company.This is especially dangerous, because Americans do not expect to be forced to watch propaganda mixed in with their news. They just want the truth, or shows that are clear opinion. That is not what this is, though. This is nothing more than the kind of stuff Kim Jung Un s regime is feeding his people in order to brainwash them. This is the kind of thing we see in authoritarian states, and it is incredibly dangerous for democracy.People keep saying not to compare Trump to a dictator, but it is becoming more and more clear that this is exactly what he is aiming to be   and he has plenty of help from his blind followers in high places.In short, beware, folks, because you re about to get a big dose of America s very own state-run propaganda.Featured image via William Thomas Cain/Getty Images",News,"September 17, 2017"
 Republicans Humiliated As John McCain Slams Their Latest Attempt To Repeal Obamacare (VIDEO),"The Republican Party still hasn t learned that their wildly unpopular repeal of Obamacare just isn t going to happen. Even after failing miserably the first several times they tried to get their alternative to the historic health care bill passed, they are still willing to get pummeled again.One of the senators who has been extremely outspoken against the GOP s alternatives is speaking out again   and it s a member of their own party. Sen. John McCain has just signaled that he is once again ready to shoot this health care plan down. In an interview with John Dickerson on Face The Nation, McCain made it perfectly clear that he would not be supporting the GOP s latest effort to get rid of Obamacare. Instead, McCain said he would rather be supporting the bipartisan amendments to the Affordable Care Act that are currently taking place in the Senate.During the interview, Dickerson asked McCain about Trump s current outreach to the Democrats. He asked,  The President is working on bipartisan approach, what do you make of that?  McCain actually took the side of Trump and nailed the Republican Party for continuing to do its own thing: I m interested in that, of course. We  this President is always full of surprises. But the problem is, John, it shouldn t be bipartisanship. It should be both Republican, Democrat and the President. So, yes, he surprised the Republicans with the deal that he made with Chuck and Nancy  with Chuck and Nancy. What it should take place is the three of them, both leaders Republican and Democrat and the President sit down and say, okay, we got a problem here. We need to fix it. And that means that we can come up with all three of us in one solid proposal. Why did  why did Obamacare fail? Obamacare was ram through with Democrats votes only. Are we going to ram through our proposal with  with Democrats and the President? That s not the way to do it. We got to go back, if I could just say again, the way to do this is have a bill, put it through the committee. We have Patty Murray and Lamar Alexander doing fine, bring it to the floor. Have debate, have amendments, we passed our bill twenty-seven to nothing for the Armed Services Committee. McCain is firmly stating that he will not support a healthcare bill that the GOP is imply trying to shove down everyone s throats without following any sort of legislative protocol.This is bad   the Republicans are rushing to get this healthcare bill passed so they can strip millions of Americans of their health insurance, and they are doing it without the endorsement of the president or some of their most prominent members. This will only continue to be a massive embarrassment for conservatives. You can watch McCain rip the GOP below:Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"September 17, 2017"
 It’s Time To Stop Excusing Trump Supporters And Start Shaming Them For The Awful People They Are,"For nigh on two years now, people have been making the argument that not all Trump voters are racist, misogynistic bigots. This could be true; after all, there are people who voted for Barack Obama twice, but then switched to Donald Trump. The idea of this makes most of us scratch our heads because Obama was everything Trump isn t. President Obama is dignified, classy, smart, experienced, accepting of all people. Trump is bigoted to his core, narcissistic, incompetent, impulsive, undignified, unpresidential. Therefore, how could people who voted enthusiastically for Barack Obama vote for Donald Trump? I still don t know the answer to that question. What I do know is this: It s time to stop making excuses for Trump voters and start shaming them, because that is what they deserve.Even if someone who voted for Donald Trump isn t personally a racist, a misogynist, a homophobe, or an Islamophobe, they certainly are tolerant of those various bigotries and then some. They were able to look at the Access Hollywood tape, Trump s call to ban all Muslims from the nation, his kicking off his campaign by calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals, his promise (and current attempts to carry out that promise) to round up hundreds of thousands of people and kick them out of the nation, his five-year-long crusade to delegitimize the first Black president   all of it   and still vote for him. They were able to realize just what a Trump Administration and all of its disgusting white supremacist glory would do to every American who is not a straight, white, Christian man and still pull the lever for him. These voters are selfish people who took an unconscionably callous position when it comes to the fate of millions of Americans. They knew he d do things like stacking the courts   lifetime appointments, by the way   with conspiracy theorists, racists, misogynists, and birthers, and they still voted for Trump.I could go on, but you get the picture.Trump voters watched the same campaign the rest of us did, and they saw the abhorrent behavior, the unending stream of bigotry, the dangerous flirtation with authoritarian figures around the world, the clear unfitness, and they voted for him anyway. These are not good people. It s time to stop making excuses for the people who voted for the most bigoted, ignorant, dangerous president in modern history. We have literal Nazis working in the White House because of these people. We have, in Jeff Sessions, a man who was deemed too racist in 1986 to be a federal judge as Attorney General. We have birthers on the federal bench. That s all their fault.There are no good people who are Trump voters. It s time we recognized a hard truth: There s no such thing as a good person who supports Donald Trump. Stop excusing them and start shaming them. It s up to us to recognize the ills in the American populous   starting with the absolute imbeciles who voted for Donald Trump.Featured image via Daily Kos",News,"September 17, 2017"
 Trump Posts Disgusting Video Of Himself Viciously Assaulting Hillary Clinton,"This is beyond unpresidential.During a narcissistic tweetstorm on Sunday morning. Donald Trump retweeted a video featuring him driving a golf ball into Hillary Clinton s back. The ball knocks her down as she boards a plane. The person who shared the meme captioned it  Trump s amazing golf swing  and referred to Hillary with the nickname  Crooked Hillary  that Trump often calls her.Donald Trump s amazing golf swing #CrookedHillary pic.twitter.com/vKhxxFCBV1  Mike (@Fuctupmind) September 14, 2017Trump literally just retweeted a video of himself committing violence against a woman. Purposely hitting someone with a golf ball is assault, and this video appears to be a threat.This is not something a so-called American president should be tweeting.But Trump did it anyway and the backlash was swift and brutal.What a surprise   Mr  grab them by the pussy  retweeting a gif of violence against women.  Brief Truth (@TheBriefTruth) September 17, 2017This has to be by far the most childish thing you have retweeted. When are you going to start acting presidential?  Chazz Archer (@ChazzAndreassi) September 17, 2017Seriously? WTH is wrong with you?  Sandy Scerra (@99Turtles) September 17, 2017Trump is a pig?  Maggie? (@MaggieM57) September 17, 2017This is a sick, demented clip that should never have been tweeted in the first place but our asinine @POTUS retweeted it! Violence to women  Irish Mason ??? (@IrishMason) September 17, 2017You ve tweeted a lot of things that were wrong, but I gotta tell you, this one takes the cake. #disgusting #violent  I love my dog (@mountainette) September 17, 2017How embarrassing to have a President who would actually retweet this. #TrumpDisgraceful  Dr. Solfege (@EngelAcademy) September 17, 2017This is what @POTUS does all day. pic.twitter.com/rF0txCOXRR  Brian P-C (@AlbertB_71) September 17, 2017Donald Trump should be ashamed of himself and he owes Hillary Clinton and the country a public apology and must immediately remove this offensive post. Violence against women in any form is not okay.Featured Image: Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 17, 2017"
" Pastor Decides Straight Couple Can’t Even SUPPORT Marriage Equality, Cancels Their Wedding","I m shooting for irony here, so bear with me: Thank GOD some people proclaim their bigotry out loud, so you don t have to find out the hard way.Okay, so this couple (who are choosing to remain anonymous) kind of did find out the hard way, but they re still free to make other arrangements after the minister of their church called them into a private meeting to let them know he would no longer perform their ceremony or allow them to marry in his church.Pictured: IronyThe problem, according to Minister Steven North of Ebenezer St. John s Presbyterian Church, was the bride s recent comment on Facebook in support of marriage equality in her native Australia. The country is holding a survey   because some places value the individual input of their citizens   to help the Australian parliament decide whether or not to allow same-sex couples to marry.Apparently, the clergyman was monitoring the bride-to-be s social media, where she spoke up in support of the measure: I know it s something not everyone will agree on and that s fine but this is what I stand for and frankly it doesn t effect [sic] my relationship with [my partner] one bit. That s when North made the decision to summon the couple into his office. Not only did he tell them that he would not perform the ceremony, but he drove the point home with a letter to the couple as well: After the pre-marital counselling that you attended and the sermons delivered at Ebenezer on this subject, you must surely appreciate that your commitment to same-sex marriage opposes the teaching of Christ Jesus and the scriptural position practiced by the Presbyterian Church of Australia and by me. This conflict of views has practical consequences in relation to your upcoming wedding. If I remember correctly   and believe me, as someone who was raised in a very religious household, I do   Jesus said as much about same-sex weddings as He did about abortions or whether His Dad wants you to drink that miracle water that creepy Peter Popoff sells at 2 AM on cable. That is to say, nothing. There were no  teachings of Christ Jesus  on gay marriage. So really the operative part of North s statement is that whole thing at the end where he says  and by me. The bride was having none of it. The couple has decided to leave their long-time church, and they did so with a statement of their own: We feel this decision is absolutely disgraceful and is a disgrace to you and all the church, especially when we have been loyal and valued members of this congregation for 10 years. You were made aware from the beginning of our proceedings that we had gay friends and also that people in our wedding party were gay. How could you assume that we would abandon them or degrade them with regards to same-sex marriage? Rather than acquiesce to the thought police of her bigoted church, this couple has faith that they re doing the right thing.Featured image via Scott Barbour/Getty Images",News,"September 17, 2017"
 GOP Implodes As California Passes Bill To Make Congress Censure Trump’s Racism (DETAILS),"About a month ago, Donald Trump shocked the country by responding to a violent white nationalist rally in Charlottesville in a way that was completely vile. Defending white supremacists and stating that  both sides  were responsible for the violence, Americans across the country were horrified that such a racist message could come from the President of the United States. And now, some areas of the country are standing up to it.California is now sending a strong message to Trump and his administration in response to the horrific endorsements Trump has given to white supremacists. The lower house of the California legislature has just passed a resolution that is demanding that Congress censure Trump so that the undeserving POTUS is clear that We will no longer tolerate his behavior. Assembly member Tony Thurmond said: The leader of the free world can t continue to use language that legitimizes the actions of extremists groups that promote hate. Congress must exercise its power to check the president by voting for his immediate censure. While a GOP-dominant Congress likely won t censure Trump, this initiative marks the first attempt to censure a sitting President since 1834   and that should send a strong message. The Hill also reports that California is trying to get other states to join them in similar ways, demanding that Trump should  publicly apologize to all Americans for his racist and bigoted behavior. This bill follows Trump s own resolution in which he tried to condemn the attacks in Charlottesville. However, he continues to fall short with his weak statements. Refusing to denounce the specific hate groups that are responsible, Trump instead spoke against racism in all forms.  Here s Trump s weak, spineless statement: We condemn the recent violence in Charlottesville and oppose hatred, bigotry, and racism in all forms. Hours before, Trump had doubled down on his horrendous  both sides  comment, stating that counterprotesters were also to blame: You have some pretty bad dudes on the other side also. When you look at really what s happened since Charlottesville, a lot of people are saying and people have actually written,  Gee Trump may have a point. That is seriously disgusting. For that statement alone, Trump deserves the treatment he s getting from California.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",News,"September 16, 2017"
 Trump Supporters At ‘Mother Of All Rallies’ MASSIVELY Outnumbered By Marching Juggalos,"Saturday, September 16th, 2017 will surely go down as the strangest day for rallies in our nation s capital since at least January, when millions of invisible people attended Donald Trump s inauguration ceremony.Two different gatherings are taking place, quartered in different sections of the National Mall, but surely visible to one another: Trump supporters have come together to put on what they re calling the  Mother of all Rallies,  with expected attendance undoubtedly in the zillions, and a rally with an actual purpose is also taking place. Juggalos, or fans of the band Insane Clown Posse, are in D.C. to protest what they call an unfair label from the FBI and Department of Justice classifying them as a  loosely organized hybrid gang. It s clear which group has the more ardent supporters, and it isn t the one I m calling (for the purposes of this piece)  the Trumpettes. Donald Trump is known for his loyalty demands, but I m not sure he s ever met a Juggalo, because they showed up today:WASHINGTON, DC   SEPTEMBER 16: People gather for a rally during the Juggalo March at the Lincoln Memorial on the National Mall, September 16, 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images)That s the Juggalos showing up. The Juggalo March, at the time of this writing, is just getting underway.This, on the other hand, is the majority of the Trump rally happening just across the way:WASHINGTON, DC   SEPTEMBER 16: Pro-Trump security forces try to keep people away on the National Mall on September 16, 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images)You ll note from the captions that these two photos are both by Getty photographer Tasos Katopodis. The Trump rally began, according to the Facebook event page, at 11 AM EDT, while the Juggalo March wasn t scheduled until 2 PM Eastern.The Trumpette organizers have tried to distance themselves from the white supremacists that organized the Charlottesville, Boston, and Portland rallies held in the name of  free speech.  Unfortunately for them, they don t seem to realize that the majority of people who show up at those rallies don t care who the president is, they just want to be allowed to shout racial slurs again without fear of public reprisal.Reaction to the stark difference in attendance was widespread:""The Juggalos outnumber the white supremacists at the Lincoln Memorial today.""   is not a sentence I ever thought I'd write.  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) September 16, 2017Someday the Battle of Juggalos vs Trump supporters will be in a Ken Burns documentary.""My dearest Martha, whoop whoop.""#JuggaloMarch #MOAR pic.twitter.com/oHLV2rUiM1  Edmund Hanlon (@EdmundHanlon) September 16, 2017There are more Juggalos marching today against Trump than pro-Trump folks marching in their ""Mother of All Rallies"". ?#JuggaloMarch #MOAR  Charles Clymer? ? (@cmclymer) September 16, 2017And in what must be a crushing blow to the Trumpettes, the Juggalos have Antifa, the  other side  that Trump cannot stop dreaming about every night, there in solidarity. Not being violent, not pepper spraying anyone, just together to show the love:Antifascist contingent in solidarity with Juggalos at DC march against FBI gang classification pic.twitter.com/RZTbmCFaM9  Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) September 16, 2017The Juggalos give a big ""whoop whoop"" to ""hating Confederate monuments.""  Daniel Dale (@ddale8) September 16, 2017Welcome to 2017, everyone.Featured image via Al Drago/Getty Images",News,"September 16, 2017"
 Bill Maher Turns GOP’s ‘States’ Rights’ Nonsense On Its Head In EPIC Defense Of Liberal States’ Defiance Of Trump (VIDEO),"The Republican Party has long claimed that  states  rights  mean that states can do as they like according to their own values, regardless of what the federal government wants. Of course, this is something that has just been used for southern states to do horrible things   like, you know, own people. They used the states  rights argument to justify segregation, to outlaw interracial marriage and abortion, and to basically strip citizens of personal liberty to satisfy the bigots in their citizenry and voting base. Well, comedian Bill Maher of HBO s Real Time has turned all of that on its head in the Trump era.During his  New Rules  segment on Friday night s program, Maher turned it around on the Republicans, pointing out how California s governor, Jerry Brown, is busily defending California s liberal way of life in defiance of Trump s regressive and dangerous administration. Gov. Brown has decided to sign a climate treaty with China, giving a big middle finger to Trump s foolish decision to pull out of the Paris Accord. Maher also pointed out that California will not move to enforce Trump s racist deportation force through its police departments, and nor would there be any attacks on LGBTQ Americans.The real kicker came when Maher adopted a country accent and mocked the insanity of the bigotry of Trump voters   only using it to promote progressive values, such as legalized marijuana and lesbian weddings. He even mocked the tiki torches used last month in a horrifically violent white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left 32-year-old Heather Heyer dead and injured many others.In short, Bill Maher is right. If they can do this states  rights stuff, so can we.Featured image via screen capture",News,"September 16, 2017"
 Ohio Fireman In Deep Sh*t For HORRIBLE Remarks About Saving ‘N*****s’,"A firefighter in Ohio recently came under fire for expressing his  economic uncertainty  (a synonym the media concocted for  racism  while attempting to explain why people voted for Trump) about rescuing black people.If it came down to choosing to rescue a single dog or  a million n*ggers,  Franklin township firefighter Tyler Roysdon says he would save the dog, which is  more important than  all those African-Americans he hates.According to Roysdon s Facebook  likes,  he is a fan of Donald Trump, Duck Dynasty, and far-Right Facebook group  Uncle Sam s Misguided Children    just so you know what sort of person we re dealing with.Roysdon was suspended from his position  indefinitely  as soon as township officials learned of the post, which went viral on social media because that s what happens when terrible people say terrible things. It s also very likely he will lose his job according to a statement from officials: Recently, a Franklin Township volunteer firefighter posted unacceptable remarks on social media.  Upon gaining knowledge of this information, Fire Chief Steve Bishop immediately contacted the firefighter and directed the comments be removed.  The firefighter was suspended without pay until the Board of Township Trustees could meet to determine a course of action.  Chief Bishop does not have the authority to terminate employees.  Termination of any township employee requires a vote by the Board of Trustees. It s unclear if Roysdon s racism has ever affected his work or if he has caused anyone to die, but this is absolutely something that should be investigated.Featured image via screengrab",News,"September 16, 2017"
" Oh, How The Handsome Have Fallen: Gainesville ‘Hot Cop’ Turns Out To Be Hiding Some Nazi Tendencies","Remember the  Hot Cops  from the Gainesville, Florida Police Department that nearly broke the internet? The post by the GPD got so many likes, comments, and shares from thirsty females across the country that the wives of two of them had to   ahem   assert their authority to let would-be suitors know the hunks were taken.Gainesville Police Department/FacebookThe young, semi-Karl Urban-looking guy on the right turned out to be single, while the  Bruce Willis in  Striking Distance  guy was married, and that Jack Johnson-esque fella in the middle, well  He s a Nazi. Oh, and married. I wonder what his wife thought about her husband s newfound fame as a sex symbol after somebody compiled a few of his old Facebook posts and found out he was the best-looking anti-Semite in Florida.His name is Mike Hamill, and jokes about killing Jews help him sleep at night, apparently:Who knew? (Facebook)That actually makes sense, since he clearly came up with a  final solution  for the stupid people who annoy him way back in 2011:HAHA! Right, guys? Haha? Guys? (Facebook)Here s the thing: Yes, I know it sucks to find out this guy is a Nazi. And yeah, maybe you re a little red-faced if you were among those that spread the GPD post via Facebook share, now that his virulent anti-Semitism is out in the open, and he s been suspended pending an investigation.But there are probably some folks reading this who are genuinely surprised, and this part of the article you re reading is just for you guys:Mike Hamill is a white cop in the Deep South. If that doesn t clue you in, maybe you don t know what galvanized the nation into passing the Civil Rights Act in 1964. There s a movie about it, actually. And it looks like the show s not over.Featured image via Dave Conner/flickr",News,"September 16, 2017"
 CNN Host Abruptly Ends Segment After Fox Sports Guest Makes DISGUSTING Trump-like Comment (VIDEO),"One thing that most conservatives have in common with Donald Trump   and perhaps contributes to the reason they relate to him and supported him for POTUS   is chronic misogyny and sexism. We saw this play out on Friday during a panel discussion on CNN, when an anchor had to shut the segment down abruptly due to a highly inappropriate comment from her Fox guest.CNN s Brooke Baldwin had Fox Sports Radio host Clay Travis as a guest, and the exchange went downhill very quickly. The panel was addressing the incident in which ESPN s Jemele Hill had called Trump a white supremacist, causing the White House to demand her be fired. When Clay Travis had his turn to give his opinion on the matter, he made Baldwin wish she d never asked him. Travis said this: I believe in the First Amendment and boobs. Baldwin was practically speechless, and had to do a double take, asking him if he d actually just said the word  boobs.  Travis only made it worse: Boobs, two things that never let me down, the first amendment and boobs. Those are the two things I believe in absolutely in the country. Baldwin still couldn t believe her ears, and wanted to give Travis another chance and the benefit of the doubt. She asked him once more to clarify that he d said  boobs  instead of  booze.  Once she confirmed that Travis had definitely said  boobs,  she shut the interview down right then and there. She said: I m done, I m sorry. I m done. This conversation is over, yanking mikes, bye. Forgive me, live television happens and you think you heard something, you are not sure and then you realize it happened, so I apologize for him on that. Right after the segment, Baldwin and Travis were both seen on Twitter, reacting to what had happened in two totally different ways. Baldwin seemed horrified and shocked, and Travis was, of course, proud of himself.What Travis said is not okay, and must be condemned. We re not at all surprised that this would come from a Fox employee, considering how prevalent misogyny, sexual assault, and support for our sexist POTUS is.Featured image via video screen capture ",News,"September 15, 2017"
 Ohio Fireman Suspended Indefinitely Over Extremely Racist Facebook Post (VIDEO),"An Ohio fireman from Franklin Township has just been suspended over his Facebook post which contains racist remarks. Tyler Roysdon used his social media account to say that if there was an emergency he would rather save a dog than a  n*gger.  While Roysdon is a volunteer fireman, he does receive payment for each emergency run which he takes part in, according to WHIO.And now, with his social media post easy to Google for any potential employers, he might have a hard time getting a job.Roysdon wrote on Facebook that if he had to choose between saving a dog and an African-American man from a burning building, he would save the dog s life because  one dog is more important than a million n*ggers. Roysdon has just learned a valuable lesson: when you write something on social media, other people can read it. The Facebook post was deleted after Fire Chief Steve Bishop instructed him to do so.At this point. Roysdon s case is under review. Recently, a Franklin Township volunteer firefighter posted unacceptable remarks on social media. Upon gaining knowledge of this information, Fire Chief Steve Bishop immediately contacted the firefighter and directed the comments be removed,  the statement reads.  The firefighter was suspended without pay until the Board of Township Trustees could meet to determine a course of action. Chief Bishop does not have the authority to terminate employees. Termination of any township employee requires a vote by the Board of Trustees. Watch:Roysdon s post didn t go over well, according to the responses. One of them read,  Wow is all I can say  while another commenter wrote,  SMH. The fireman s Facebook page looks like Ted Nugent took a sh*t all over it.Apparently, Roysdon likes to go mudding, shooting, fishing, and now he can start collecting coupons, too, since he ll be in a lower income bracket. Life is hard.Images via Facebook. ",News,"September 15, 2017"
 Here’s What Companies Admit They Will REALLY Do With Money They Save From Trump’s Tax Break,"Trump, like George W. Bush before him, thinks a  tax holiday  on repatriated money will spur major corporations who are currently hoarding money overseas to bring that money back and invest it in America. They fail to take into account that, like other tax breaks, companies are not going to build new factories, plants, offices or stores and hire more people if consumer demand doesn t warrant it. Instead, they ll pocket the money they save in one of any number of ways, and regular Americans won t benefit one iota from it.That s what they ll do with Trump s tax holiday. This isn t speculation or conjecture, this is something to which they literally admit. Bank of America Merrill Lynch conducted a survey of more than 300 companies over the summer, asking them what they d do with all that money they bring back from overseas. Their top two responses were the following: Pay down debt, and buy back their own stocks.The idea that they d use the money for stock buybacks is especially upsetting since this is a known method for artificially driving stock prices up. Rich executives and shareholders then get even richer. Workers see no benefit from it, and the unemployed and underemployed don t see new job opportunities popping up.Literally, the whole point of this practice is to make the rich richer.When George W. did this in 2004, companies voluntarily brought over $300 million back in from overseas. $240 million went to stock buybacks. Let that sink in for a moment   80 percent of the money brought back in from overseas went to stock buybacks. Companies took advantage of that tax holiday to inflate their stock prices and get richer. There was no economic growth from that.The companies that brought back the most money actually turned right around and laid people off.Let that sink in as well.There will be no economic growth from Trump s tax break. Companies are not so broke that they can t afford to expand without some of the money they re hoarding elsewhere and protection from repatriation taxes. They don t need this money to build anything or hire new workers. This is nothing more than the government enabling companies to enrich themselves, possibly at the expense of the Americans Trump claims to love so much. The only way to spur economic growth is to help the consumer class afford to spend their money again. But we can t expect that from Trump   he parrots Republican talking points on this because he knows he can use them to make himself and his most loyal rich buddies richer.Featured image via Ron Sachs-Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 15, 2017"
 WATCH: Viral Video Of Tomi Lahren Being Called A ‘Racist Piece Of Sh*t’ To Her Face,"If you don t know who Tomi Lahren is by this point, you re clearly a very fortunate person. Lahren has made her fame off trashing everything liberal despite not knowing anything of which she speaks.Barely out of college, and still green in the world, Lahren had viral videos hosted through The Blaze, but was ultimately let go because of her raging hypocrisy surrounding abortion rights. Then after months of making videos on her phone and clearly adored by Fox News propaganda artist Sean Hannity, she was ultimately added to Fox as a regular mouthpiece. Now, she s out in Hollywood, the land in which she claims to hate, going out and doing all the Hollywood things she can, and someone just caught her on camera.It looks as though she got hoodwinked into posing for a photo, because you can see her smiling, but then, in video mode, she s asked: Tomi, what s it like to be a racist piece of sh*t? At that point, she smiles and walks away.Watch the video here: How DOES it feel Tammy? pic.twitter.com/kL93Vhy5qM  jordan ?? (@JordanUhl) September 15, 2017You see, Lahren, time and time again, has proven through her videos, that without a doubt, she is clearly racist.Welcome to Hollywood, Lahren. A liberal land of fact-checking, all-inclusive people who will literally call you out when they see you.Featured photo via video screen capture",News,"September 15, 2017"
" White Security Guard Shoots Himself, Blames Nonexistent Black Guy ‘With A Small Afro’","On Tuesday night St. Catherine University security guard Brent Ahlers was viciously attacked by an evil black man with a  short afro  who was wearing a  navy sweatshirt  and a gun   at least that s the story he told police after he suffered a gunshot wound while on the job.Ahler s report that he had been shot led to a swarm of 55 police officers and K-9 s, swarming the campus to search for the guy who Ahlers says shot him. The campus was placed on lockdown with  1,800 students held captive in their dorm rooms  according to police spokesman Mike Ernster. The surrounding neighborhood, upon hearing reports of the shooting, began calling 911 in a panic asking officers to check their homes to be sure they were safe.None of it was true. Ahlers lied. As is commonly the case, there was no scary black man with a gun. There was only Ahlers, who brought his weapon to work to prove to himself that he s a badass despite it being against policy. He was nervous about losing his job due to the fact that he had his gun at work, and what had occurred, so he made up the story to cover what had happened,  Ernster said on Wednesday after police had determined that the shooter was Ahlers the whole time.SPPD PIO: St. Kate's security guard admits to shooting himself. He has been arrested for falsely reporting a crime. pic.twitter.com/T75gbLuMgU  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) September 14, 2017For his dedication to keeping racism alive to save himself from being embarrassed by the results of his own actions, he now faces a charge of falsely reporting a crime   though prosecutors are considering charges  above and beyond the false-report citation  according to the Star-Tribune.Fortunately, officers did not encounter someone who  fit the description  and no one important was hurt. But he could have gotten someone killed, and whatever he ultimately faces should reflect that.featured image via screengrab",News,"September 15, 2017"
" Trump Claims He Has Done More Against ISIS Than Obama, The Scorecard Says He Is Lying","After a terrorist attack in London, Donald Trump used the occasion to brag about himself and smear President Obama.The United States has been fighting ISIS since 2014. Most of that fighting has been done under the leadership of President Obama.But nine months into his own presidency, Trump is now declaring that he has done more against ISIS than President Obama.We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive & nasty!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017But, as usual, Trump is completely full of shit.Under Obama s strategy and leadership, the United States military killed over half of the commanders ISIS had and various military strikes wiped out well over 26,000 ISIS fighters (some reports say over 50,000), all while reducing ISIS  territory from a wide swath of the Middle East stretching from Syria through Iraq to just a few remaining city strongholds.In addition, ISIS lost most of their valuable resources and recruitment dramatically declined.And in December 2016, United States officials announced that 75 percent of all ISIS fighters have been killed.By contrast, ISIS cheered when Trump took office and have been using him as a recruitment tool. Trump is also responsible for killing more civilians in nine months than President Obama did in just over two years, which is just helping ISIS radicalize more fighters to their cause.Basically, Trump is waging a desperate destructive campaign to kill the remaining ISIS fighters and leaders so he can boast that he is  doing more  against ISIS. But his campaign is full of unnecessary collateral damage that is only helping ISIS recruit.In military parlance, Trump s campaign is merely a  mop-up  operation, which is what takes place after the military has already gone in and wiped out most of the enemy forces.President Obama s strategy and leadership resulted in ISIS being crippled. Trump is only getting the crumbs that Obama did not have time to finish off. And he can t even get that right because killing civilians is the best recruitment tool that terrorist organizations like ISIS and al-Qaeda (another terrorist group President Obama crippled) use to remain relevant.So Trump can brag all he wants. It doesn t change the fact that President Obama was a better commander-in-chief.Featured Image: Jack Gruber-Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 15, 2017"
 Trump Fans Are Crying In Their Milk After Their Hero Breaks Yet Another Promise To Them (TWEETS),"Trump made a bad decision, or so his ardent followers seem to think. His attempts to work something out with Congressional Democrats on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, and also his remarks that current construction on his stupid border wall involves mostly existing fencing, have set off their ire. Big-time and small-time MAGAsh*ts alike are crying today, because their rigid, purist minds suffer from severe tunnel vision that doesn t include Trump doing, well, what he s done. They want Trump to do what he promised and damn the consequences to millions who aren t like them.Take Joe Walsh, for example. Walsh is a former U.S. Representative from Illinois  8th district, but his big claim to fame is being a deadbeat dad. All he wants is for Trump to cut his taxes and build the wall. With Trump s latest tweets on DACA and the wall, though, he s ready to abandon Trump and throw his support to probably someone worse:Trump:  We re close to a deal on amnesty. The wall will come later. That s not why we voted for you. https://t.co/0eFMR9jvxT  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) September 14, 2017This is  the art of the deal  right? Can someone remind the president why he was elected?  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) September 14, 2017If true, Trump is done.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) September 14, 2017We voted for #MAGA, not #DACA.Pull your head out Mr President.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) September 14, 2017He ran on:  BUILD THE WALL! He didn t run on:  FIX UP SOME OF THE EXISTING FENCING! Not surprising. Just very disappointing.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) September 14, 2017I m tired of @fox news saying:  It s not the Donald s fault. Big, bad GOP made him do it. Bullshit. Trump is responsible for what he does.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) September 14, 2017NONE of this is a surprise. I voted 4 Trump knowing he wasn t a Conservative & knowing he had no core.I voted 4 the wall & against amnesty  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) September 14, 2017Then we have Ann Coulter, who seems to have developed some serious regret about writing a book called In Trump We Trust. If Walsh is crying, Coulter is raging: Put a fork in Trump, he s dead.  https://t.co/xEu5lwhmqO  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) September 14, 2017At this point, who DOESN T want Trump impeached? https://t.co/g1mMhmm8ng  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) September 14, 2017If we re not getting a wall, I d prefer President Pence. https://t.co/g1mMhmm8ng  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) September 14, 2017Let s play Jeopardy. ANSWER: An Easter egg. QUESTION: What s the only thing easier to roll than Donald J. Trump?  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) September 14, 2017Let s just tell @realDonaldTrump there was a hurricane at the border. Maybe he ll rush down there with FEMA and build a wall.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) September 14, 2017What s the only difference between @realDonald Trump & Carrot Top? Carrot Top might actually build the wall.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) September 14, 2017There are others who are sobbing over Trump s about-face on these issues, too. They were conned, they know it, but they were too dumb and blinded by the racist who said anything they wanted to hear to think this might happen prior to the election.Found this by the side of the road   #amnestydon #burnmyMAGAhat pic.twitter.com/QivQ81xClG  Mickey Kaus (@kausmickey) September 14, 2017Trump s going to have to PAY people to attend his rallies now .and to chant  Build that NEW RENOVATION OF OLD FENCES! Wait, what?? https://t.co/ouSYdSByjJ  Mensans for USA (@Mensans4USA) September 14, 2017Disgusted I ever supported you. My family went through a lot supporting u. Cruz should have been nominee. Despise u & the other GOP traitors  Patriotic Mama  (@BluegillRises) September 14, 2017Live in apartment, can t burn. #AmnestyDon you broke my heart. @realDonaldTrump better look forward to retirement in 2020. #GoGetHimMueller pic.twitter.com/jdO5edLwqo  Impeach Him (@GregPrill) September 14, 2017Trump used the grieving parents of those killed by illegal aliens as props then betrays them like this.#AmnestyDon  mediacritic (@mediacritik) September 14, 2017Do you really want to be remembered as #AmnestyDon, the biggest traitor in US history since Benedict Arnold, and be a one term POTUS?  Adorable Deplorable (@OliMauritania) September 14, 2017Do you really want to turn Florida blue and make our country look like a 3rd world hell hole? Tell us #AmnestyDon?  Adorable Deplorable (@OliMauritania) September 14, 2017#AmnestyDon going to make himself a one term President just so he can get a week s worth of good headlines from the Liberal media. SAD!  Craig ?? Norwalk (@LosGoyers) September 14, 2017I donated, volunteered, & trolled to help pull off the political miracle of the century, & all I got was a guy pushing amnesty. #AmnestyDon  Coach Finstock (@RisenCoach) September 14, 2017Did ivanka cry again or something? #AmnestyDon  Cassandra Fairbanks (@CassandraRules) September 14, 2017.@CassandraRules is speaking for million upon millions of Trump supporters. #NoDACA #AmnestyDon pic.twitter.com/fz3rrzEyRm  Ryan James Girdusky (@RyanGirdusky) September 14, 2017Dear @realDonaldTrump, We didn t elect you to give Dems whatever they want!! We elected you to do what you promised! ?#AmnestyDon #DACADeal  CJ Schafer (@RaisedRightWI) September 14, 2017people aren t gettingJUST HOW F*CKING MADMAGA IS RIGHT NOW There will be no Amnesty - DT Arizona 8-31-16#AmnestyDon  David Alvord (@davealvord164) September 14, 2017Poor Donald can t catch a break, but we can t feel sorry for him or his delusional MAGAs here.Featured image via Justin Merriman/Getty Images",News,"September 15, 2017"
 Another Russian Turns Up Dead – He Actually Saved The World (VIDEO),"It has just come to light that Stanislav Petrov, a former Soviet Lieutenant Colonel, passed away on May 19 this year in his apartment in the small town of Fryazino, northeast of Moscow. You have probably never heard of him, but if it weren t for Petrov s actions (or lack thereof), there is a good chance you wouldn t be here to read this today.If you have seen the 2014 film The Man Who Saved The World, staring Kevin Costner, then you might have some sort of an idea of who Petrov is, as that movie was based how he prevented a nuclear crisis between the US and the USSR, as well as averting the potential for World War III, back in the 1980s by essentially doing nothing at all. That could be a part of the reason Petrov never considered himself a hero. At first when people started telling me that these TV reports had started calling me a hero, I was surprised. I never thought of myself as one   after all, I was literally just doing my job,  he once said in an interview later in life.The date was September 26, 1983 and Petrov was on duty in a bunker near Moscow, in charge of an early warning radar system. It wasn t long after midnight when Petrov noticed a single missile on the screen, launched from the US and heading toward the Soviet Union. When I first saw the alert message, I got up from my chair. All my subordinates were confused, so I started shouting orders at them to avoid panic. I knew my decision would have a lot of consequences,  Petrov recalled in a 2010 interview. The siren went off for a second time. Giant blood-red letters appeared on our main screen, saying  START.  It said that four more missiles had been launched. This left the Kremlin only 30 minutes from when the warheads were initially fired to decide whether retaliation with nuclear weapons of their own was necessary and Petrov just 15 minutes to determine if the threat was indeed real. My cozy armchair felt like a red-hot frying pan and my legs went limp. I felt like I couldn t even stand up. That s how nervous I was when I was taking this decision. Fortunately for all of mankind, Petrov recalled from his training that, if the US were to attack, they would do so on an all-out offensive, as opposed to simply firing a couple of missiles here and there. Petrov took this into account and declined to tell his superior officers, figuring that a system malfunction must be responsible for the alarm and it turned out he was right; the Soviet satellites had actually picked up sunlight reflected from clouds and mistaken it for nuclear warheads, although Petrov s decision to keep the information from his superiors was a severe infraction of Soviet military rules.The incident was kept as a highly classified secret for years. Even at the time of her death in 1997, Petrov s own wife, Raisa, wasn t aware of what he had done and it was only made public when Colonel General Yury Votintsev, Petrov s superintendent, decided in 1998 that his deed should be commended and told the story to Bild, a German tabloid. German political activist Karl Schumacher was so affected by the article that he traveled to Russia to find Petrov and invited him back to Germany in order to give his version  of how he had saved the world from nuclear war, something that had been a very real threat for decades.In 2006, the Association of World Citizens presented Petrov with an award in the UN headquarters in New York, which reads:  To the man who averted nuclear war.  In 2012, Petrov was also honored with the German Media Prize, which has previously been awarded to Nelson Mandela, the Dalai Lama and Kofi Annan.Stanislav Petrov was 77 years old. Watch the story of Stanislav Petrov s actions unfold here:",News,"September 15, 2017"
 Marco Rubio Just Had The Most Hilarious Reaction To Trump Touching Him (VIDEO),"No one likes to be touched by Donald Trump   not even his own fellow Republicans.On Thursday, the full extent of Trump s repulsiveness was on display when he spoke with Florida Senator Marco Rubio, who was also one of his competitors in the 2016 primaries.Trump was visiting Florida on a tour of the damage left by Hurricane Irma, when he took a moment to commend Rubio, who clearly wasn t having it. Perhaps he remembered how disgusting Trump s behavior was while he was running against him in the primaries, so the look on Rubio s face said it all. When Trump approached and touched his shoulder, Rubio couldn t hold back a grimace and nearly shuddered on camera. You can watch this horrible, cringe-worthy moment below:Watch: While standing next to Marco Rubio, Trump says he hopes Rick Scott runs for Senate https://t.co/9cThL4c0S9  NBC Politics (@NBCPolitics) September 14, 2017Trump was encouraging Florida Gov. Rick Scott (R) to run for the Senate seat that is now being occupied by Democratic Senator Bill Nelson. Trump said to the cameras: What do I know? But I hope this man right here, Rick Scott, runs for the Senate. It s unclear if Rubio was wincing because he isn t happy with Trump s choice   after all, Scott previously suggested that his millionaire buddy Carlos Beruff should take Rubio s seat   or because he really doesn t like Trump touching him.Rubio would be far from the only person who doesn t want Trump getting that close to him. Recently, reporter Katy Tur detailed a truly disturbing encounter she had with Trump, which resulted in the POTUS planting an unwanted kiss on her cheek. It has also been widely documented that First Lady Melania Trump winces or looks extremely uncomfortable whenever Trump touches her. It s clear that there s definitely something wrong with Trump s transfer of affection, and it seems to make everyone feel dirty.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"September 14, 2017"
 Trump Vows To Save America From ‘Curse’ Of Functional Health Care System,"In a pair of tweets on Thursday afternoon, Donald Trump proved once again how out of touch he is with the American public. Just three months ago, Pew Research published a study showing that a substantial majority of Americans   some 60 percent  feel the federal government is responsible for providing healthcare coverage for all citizens. Not only that, but the formerly-controversial idea of a  single-payer  system, like the Medicare For All bill just introduced with wide Democratic support by Senator Bernie Sanders, was favored by a third of Americans.Trump, however, sees universal coverage, enjoyed by every highly-developed nation in the world except the United States, as a  curse  on the citizens of this country.Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan   a curse on the U.S. & its people  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 14, 2017 I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country & its people.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 14, 2017Universal coverage was long considered a pipe dream, even as recently as during the primary campaign between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. Secretary Clinton dismissed it as an  idea that will never, ever come to pass.  But buoyed by the popularity of Senator Sanders after the disastrous win by Donald Trump in November, the Democratic Party has moved decidedly left on the issue.At the time of Sanders  introduction of his bill, painted as the sane alternative to the Republican frenzy to strip all Americans of non-private health coverage, there were a number of Democratic senators signed on, including those widely considered to be front-runners for the Democratic nomination in 2020. Cory Booker, Elizabeth Warren, and even the favorites among Clinton loyalists, Kamala Harris and Kirsten Gillibrand, all joined Senator Sanders in introducing Medicare For All. They were joined by Tammy Baldwin, Richard Blumenthal, Martin Heinrich, Mazie Hirono, Pat Leahy, Ed Markey, Jeff Merkley, Brian Schatz, Jeanne Shaheen, Tom Udall, and Sheldon Whitehouse.The irony, of course, is that even if one considers universal coverage a  curse  as Donald Trump does, the bill stands essentially no chance of passage in the first place. Trump would love to portray himself as a savior of conservative principles, but with Republicans in firm control of Congress (at least until 2018), the odds of Trump even needing to look through his plethora of gold-plated pens to find the one for vetoes are slim to none.",News,"September 14, 2017"
 Trump Just Bragged About The Size Of His Hands At Hurricane Irma Relief Event (VIDEO),"The size of Donald Trump s hands seems to be an issue, even with the so-called president. Marco Rubio mocked the size of Trump s tiny hands during the campaign last year.  He is taller than me, he s like 6  2 , which is why I don t understand why his hands are the size of someone who is 5  2 ,  Rubio said at the time.  Have you seen his hands? And you know what they say about men with small hands.  At a Republican debate, Trump held up his hands and said to the audience,  Look at those hands. Are those small hands? For the second time in two weeks, Trump brought up the size of his hands while helping out with hurricane relief.  On Thursday, Trump was in Naples, Florida not doing a photo-op. Trump was getting ready to pass out sandwiches, then he fudged up putting his gloves on, according to a White House pool report. They re too small,  Trump said.Here's the moment when President Trump   needed bigger foodservice gloves pic.twitter.com/vSuKmevitz  Peter Stevenson (@PeterWStevenson) September 14, 2017Two weeks ago, Trump made a similar remark about his YUGE hands.  My hands are too big,  he said while turning toward a camera.As he puts on plastic gloves to serve food at NRG Stadium President Trump turns to press and says: ""My hands are too big!"" pic.twitter.com/WIUTLOS4XD  Pat Ward (@WardDPatrick) September 2, 2017In 2016, in an interview with the Washington Post, Trump spoke about his  strong hands. My hands are normal hands,  he said.  I was on line shaking hands with supporters and one of the supporters said,  Mr. Trump, you have strong hands, you have good size hands.  And then another one would say,  Oh, you have great hands, Mr. Trump. I had no idea.' This all began around 30 years ago when Graydon Carter, the editor of Vanity Fair magazine, described Trump in Spy magazine as a  short-fingered vulgarian. Later, Carter said that he wrote the Sky magazine comment in 1988  just to drive him a little bit crazy. It worked. President Tiny Hands is so deeply insecure that he has to keep telling the public about how big his claw-like appendages are.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.",News,"September 14, 2017"
 Racist GOP Rep. Steve King Goes BALLISTIC Over Trump’s DACA Deal,"This is what happens when racists don t get their way.With a single deal, Donald Trump enraged his racist base, including Iowa GOP Rep. Steve King.On Wednesday, Democrats announced that they had struck a deal with Trump to revive the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program put in place by President Obama to prevent the deportation of 800,000 people who were brought to the United States as children by their undocumented parents.When Trump first scrapped the program, his conservative base cheered while the rest of the nation expressed revulsion.But Trump also left the issue to Congress, thus opening the door for legislative action to save the program. So, Senator Chuck Schumer and Rep. Nancy Pelosi offered Trump a deal. DACA will be restored and enshrined in law and Trump will get some enhanced border security that does not include a giant useless expensive wall.Trump took the deal and now conservatives are furious.In fact, Steve King went on CNN to whine about the deal and even threatened Trump with political ruin. The base will leave him   they can t support him anymore. I am talking about my constituents in Iowa that will say you need to be behind trump. I am. I support his entire agenda  I support the agenda Trump had when he went into office and I support almost every piece of the agenda   except the amnesty piece being dangled, and that s so destructive to a first world country. If you do not have the rule of law or respect for that law, the people writing the immigration laws are the people breaking them. We had a protest here, DREAMers coming up demanding we give them amnesty. What right do law breakers have to make demands from the citizens of the United States of America. If anything, they should be pleading for it and not demanding. King also predicted that,  Things are going to be going downhill real fast or the Republicans will be done for 2018 and 2020. Here s the video via YouTube.Amnesty is term used for people who broke the law. These 800,000 people did not break any law. Their parents did. These children had no control over their parents  actions and did not understand that a law was being broken. Therefore, these children should not be forced to go back to a country they know nothing about. America is their home.Furthermore, King is a seriously depraved individual if he thinks these people should have to beg to stay in the country. They did nothing wrong. But King is clearly showing that he lacks compassion and is nothing more than a racist who has no business being a member of Congress.Featured image via screenshot  ",News,"September 14, 2017"
" Kid Rock Just Had His First Political Rally, And It Was Worse Than You’d Imagine (VIDEO)","Robert Ritchie, AKA Kid Rock, has shown quite a bit of interest in running for the Senate in Michigan over the last few months, which would pit him against incumbent Democrat Debbie Stabenow. Although he has not officially entered the race, Kid Rock launched the website kidrockforsenate.com in July.I have had a ton of emails and texts asking me if this website is real  https://t.co/RRVgISDFeq The answer is an absolute YES. pic.twitter.com/uYCUg6mjW1  Kid Rock (@KidRock) July 12, 2017Now Kid Rock has taken things to a whole new level by delivering campaign-style speeches during concerts. One of the first occured at a show on September 6 at Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids, Michigan, a performance that had already garnered it s share of criticism and protesters before it even began, due to the artist s history of using the Confederate flag as a prop, something Rock has tried to justify as  Southern pride,  despite the fact he hails from Detroit. Yes, this is a man who is considering running for office.Kid Rock opened the night s performance with a new track entitled  Greatest Show on Earth and then the entire arena went dark. A campaign banner was projected on a screen and a voice announced over the public address system  Ladies and gentleman, will you please welcome the next senator of the great state of Michigan, Kid motherf___ing Rock.  Red, white and blue lights came back on and Rock made his way on to the stage and settled behind a lectern with a parody of the presidential seal that read  United States of  Merica  while  Hail to the Chief  played in the background.What followed was completely surreal as Rock stood at the podium, flanked by two women resplendent in white business shirts and hot-pants, and rhymed his way through an offensive, expletive-laden speech that, in comparison, made Donald Trump seem as reserved as a kindergarten teacher during his presidential campaign and, really, was a speech only Kid Rock could deliver. Rock covered all of the hot topics over the following four minutes between periodic bursts of guitars and thrusting, touching on sensitive issues such as health care and racism, while also calling out single mothers that rely on government assistance and white supremacists. He even went as far as considering the possibility of being President, pondering the potential of being able to grab his own junk while addressing the nation!Watch the madness that was Kid Rock s rant unfold here, however, a word of warning, there is quite a bit of coarse language. But, as if you expected anything less.Featured image via Rick Diamond/Getty Images",News,"September 14, 2017"
" ESPN Reporter Says Trump’s Supporters Are White Supremacists, They Use Her Facebook Page To Prove She’s Right (IMAGES)","Just a few days ago, SportsCenter anchor Jemele Hill made headlines due to her harsh but truthful comments about Donald Trump and his bigot followers.In several tweets posted on Monday, Hill trashed Trump s leadership, calling him unqualified  and  unfit  for the White House. She tweeted: Donald Trump is a white supremacist who has largely surrounded himself w/ other white supremacists. Trump is the most ignorant, offensive president of my lifetime. His rise is a direct result of white supremacy. Period. He is unqualified and unfit to be president. He is not a leader. And if he were not white, he never would have been elected.   Anyone who actually pays attention to Trump, his policies, and his  values  knows that this is 100% true. Unfortunately, ESPN has refused to stand beside her, stating that Hill s views are not shared by the network.On top of that, recent comments by Trump s White House Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders pretty much stated that Trump and his corrupt administration believe that stating the truth about a president should be a considered an offense that could get someone fired.It s clear that Trump and his minions hate being called out, especially when it s true. Proving that his supporters are just as horrible and racist as he is, Trump voters came out in droves to react to Hill s tweets   and actually ended up proving her right. On her Facebook page, Trump supporters couldn t help but leave numerous disgusting, racist comments on the African American anchor s page, which makes what Hill said about Trump even more prevalent.You can see some of the most hideous remarks below:    It is impossible to read through these awful messages and still argue that Trump and his fanbase are not white supremacists.Featured image via D Dipasupil  and Alex Wong / Getty Images",News,"September 13, 2017"
" BREAKING: Martin ‘Pharma Bro’ Shkreli Has Bail Revoked, Hauled To The Slammer","Martin Shkreli quickly gained notoriety during the contentious 2016 presidential campaign by price gouging in a monopoly on a vital, life-saving HIV drug. He instantly became the most hated man in America when he was completely unrepentant when it comes to taking lives due to pricing people out of the ability to pay for their medication. After that, legal battles ensued, and Shkreli was eventually convicted of securities fraud. His original arrest was captured on camera in an absolutely humiliating live perp walk to the satisfaction of decent human beings everywhere. Of course, he is rich, so he was out of jail on bail. All of that is changing now, though, and it seems that the most hated man in America is now going where he belongs: Straight back to jail.BREAKING: Ex-pharmaceuticals company CEO Martin Shkreli has bail revoked in New York securities fraud case, heads to jail.  The Associated Press (@AP) September 13, 2017The Associated Press is reporting that Shkreli has had his bail revoked by the State of New York in his securities fraud case, and will be going back to jail promptly. Hopefully, it is somewhere really brutal like Rikers Island, where his smug, frat boy smirk will be smacked right off his ugly face by people who are a hell of a lot more hard than he is. We generally abhor insane prison conditions around here, and we certainly abhor police brutality. However, considering what this guy did, it s hard to feel sorry for him.In a nation that rarely sees actual justice these days, these desserts are quite just, and inescapably satisfying. Fuck this guy. He s getting exactly what he deserves.This is a developing story. Please stay tuned to Addicting Info for updates.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"September 13, 2017"
 McDonald’s Manager To Hispanic Customer: ‘Can You Spell Deportation?’ (VIDEO),"An employee working at a North Carolina McDonald s was captured on camera telling a Hispanic customer on Saturday to spell  deportation.  The Charlotte woman said she went to a local McDonald s over the weekend when a woman who is identified as a manager at the store flipped her off, then kept repeating Donald Trump s name, then asked,  Can you say deportation? Can you say that? Can you spell deportation? Wendy Rios told Fox 46 that she filmed the confrontation because she had been treated unfairly there previously. I am the kind of person who thinks,  Treat the person the way you want to be treated,'  Rios said.Rios told WECT that the manager seemed angry when she went to pay at the drive-thru and was yelling at other employees inside the store, but when she asked about her food at the second window, the employee lashed out at her. I asked the employee if my order was ready and the manager asked him what I asked. He told her and she said,  Of course her [expletive] order is ready ,  Rios said.  Then I asked for ketchup and he handed me two packets of ketchup. I asked for more ketchup and the manager yelled at the employee,  What is she still doing here?'  Rios said.  He told her I was asking for more ketchup and she started yelling at me and saying bad words. Rios asked for the manager s name, and a male employee promptly wrote it down but she couldn t read it so she asked again.The manager wrote down her name in big letters on the receipt, Rios recalled, but refused to give her last name, so at that point, the customer pulled out her cell phone.The woman is seen on the video footage giving Rios her middle finger. Can you say, Donald Trump? Donald Trump. Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Yes, Donald Trump, Donald Trump. Can you say Donald Trump?  the manager asked.  You holding up my line, lady. You can stay there all you want. Can you say deportation? Can you say that? Can you spell deportation?  the woman said.  What you need to do is you need to get the [expletive] on. That s what you need to do. Rios posted the video on Facebook and it went viral, garnering 5,000 shares. Rios said that she feels sorry for the woman. Maybe she wasn t thinking straight,  she said.  Maybe she was stressed or something. But I m stressed, sometimes I m really, really angry with something but I m never going to say something discriminating. Watch: McDonald s issued a statement to say the woman is no longer employed by the giant fast food chain. The actions of this employee are inexcusable and in no way reflect the strong values McDonald s and my organization place on diversity, inclusion and providing a welcoming experience for our customers. This individual is no longer employed at my restaurant and we have expressed our sincerest apologies to the customer for this situation.    George Forrest McDonald s Owner/Operator.Enjoy the unemployment line, Ms. Former Manager.Photo via Cate Gillon/Getty Images.",News,"September 13, 2017"
 The Trump Administration Is Helping Scam Universities Steal Money From Their Students,"Trump s Department of Education is delaying action on requests for student loan forgiveness from those whose money was stolen by the scams that are for-profit universities while they work to erase everything Obama tried to do to protect those very same students. The Trump administration, while claiming they re  draining the swamp,  has brought more of the swamp into the federal government than anyone, and the people working at DOE are sympathetic to these scam universities, not their victims.It s true that a lack of action isn t the same as telling students defrauded by these places that they ll have to continue making their payments or face the consequences. However, that same lack of action is harming students and their families who are on the hook for loans they took out on false promises they d be able to get good jobs with their degrees. They re now stuck in a limbo that s teetering towards the for-profit education scam.Corinthian Colleges and ITT Technical Institute both closed their doors under President Obama, who forgave more than $600 million in loans to their students. That s $600 million in stolen money for which students were off the hook. But that was Obama, who tried to do things that helped ordinary Americans even in the face of unprecedented GOP obstruction. Trump and his administration?Everything they do favors the few over the many, even when it includes stealing, which is what misrepresenting yourself and taking people s money based on that misrepresentation is.Trump himself has been sued more than once over his fraudulent  Trump University  because that program was literally nothing but lies built upon lies. Trump U. took people s money and gave them nothing in return. Other for-profit universities promise students jobs in their fields within just a few months of graduation, but charge exorbitant tuition and have a history of forcing students to forfeit their right to sue as well as making promises they can t back up.Obama tried to eliminate the arbitration clauses for-profit universities were forcing on their students. Betsy DeVos, Trump s education secretary, says that students shouldn t be the victims of fraud, but also said that certain standards protecting students were unfairly applied.So DOE is allegedly working to change that. But since Trump himself operated a scam university, it s only natural that he and his administration are going to see the profit side of things more than they will the defrauded-student side of things. Fraud is nothing more than another way to put dollars in their pockets, and it s clear that they d rather help scams rake in even more money than help real people.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"September 13, 2017"
 BREAKING: Someone Else Connected To Trump Is Under Investigation For Colluding With Russia (DETAILS),"Today, more bad news for Trump broke as yet another person related to the Trump administration comes under federal investigation. Michael G. Flynn, the son of Michael Flynn and infamous for his role in spreading the Pizzagate conspiracy, is under investigation for his role in colluding with Russia.It s likely he s as guilty as the rest of the Trump team, as he works closely with his father.NBC reports:Michael G. Flynn accompanied his father, for instance, on a trip to Moscow in December 2015 for the elder Flynn to deliver a paid speech at a gala for the state-sponsored Russian television network RT. He can be seen in video from an associated event.The elder Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general and a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was seated at the same table as Russian President Vladimir Putin during the dinner. Records released by the House Oversight Committee show he was paid nearly $34,000 for his speech; RT also paid for Flynn and his son s airfare to Moscow and lodging at a luxury hotel from Dec. 9 to Dec. 12. Several legal experts with knowledge of the investigation have told NBC News they believe Mueller, following a classic prosecutorial playbook, is seeking to compel key players, including Flynn and Manafort, to tell what they know about any possible Trump campaign collusion with Russia. Mueller has brought onto his team a federal prosecutor known for convincing subjects to turn on associates. Any potential criminal liability for Michael G. Flynn could put added pressure on his father, these legal experts said.In other words, any pressure put on Junior is pressure on the old man, who reports have repeatedly indicated the federal government is trying to flip.This is also just one more name at the end of a long, long list of Trump associates with shady connections to Russia. It s pretty clear that Trump thought the campaign was a business opportunity, never expected to win, and wanted to use the opportunity to build Trump Tower Moscow as well as other projects. He courted Russian investors, sought approval from Putin s government and then accidentally won the election, instead of just coming close. There is no other explanation for how amateurish and sloppy these cover-up attempts have been.Featured image via Addicting Info",News,"September 13, 2017"
 Cowardly ESPN Won’t Stand Up For Black Reporter Who Spoke The Truth About Trump (TWEETS),"ESPN s Jemele Hill is one of the most influential black women in sports casting. She is also unafraid to tell the truth and speak her mind   no matter who doesn t like it. Therefore it comes as absolutely no surprise that she has plenty to say about Donald Trump. Of course, Trump has been getting dragged ever since his disgraceful response to the racist violence and murder in Charlottesville, Virginia at the hands of  Ku Klux Klan members, neo-Nazis, and other assorted white supremacists, and rightly so. Of course, Hill definitely had something to say about that, just like every other decent human being who sees Trump, once again, dog whistling racists. Hill took it a step further and said what we all should be saying, though: That Trump is a white supremacist, and there is no denying it now. Here are her tweets:Donald Trump is a white supremacist who has largely surrounded himself w/ other white supremacists.  Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) September 11, 2017The height of white privilege is being able to  ?ignore ?his white supremacy, because it's of no threat to you. Well, it's a threat to me.  Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) September 11, 2017Trump is the most ignorant, offensive president of my lifetime. His rise is a direct result of white supremacy. Period.  Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) September 11, 2017He is unqualified and unfit to be president. He is not a leader. And if he were not white, he never would have been elected  Jemele Hill (@jemelehill) September 12, 2017Of course, everything Jemele Hill just said is the straight up truth. Donald Trump has proven, repeatedly, that he is a white supremacist. Hell, he even hired literal Nazis to work in the White House in the form of now former advisers Stephen K. Bannon and Sebastian Gorka, and in the form of Stephen Miller, who is currently crafting the racist immigration policies, including the Muslim ban. Nonetheless, ESPN decided to be cowardly about this supposed controversy, and have released a statement distancing themselves from their sports reporter:ESPN Statement on Jemele Hill: pic.twitter.com/3kfexjx9zQ  ESPN PR (@ESPNPR) September 12, 2017This network should be ashamed of itself. They are literally taking the side of Nazi-loving Trump over their marginalized black reporter. They know that what Jemele Hill said is the stone cold truth, yet they not only refuse to criticize Trump, but they are actively smacking down Jemele Hill.Go ahead and be on the wrong side of history, ESPN. Good riddance. Jemele Hill is the best thing that ever happened to that sorry ass network, and you d do well to recognize that.Featured image via Jemele Hill Instagram/Brobible",News,"September 13, 2017"
 Texas Trump Fan Threatened To ‘Whip’ Black Man ‘Like The Slave You Are’ Before Executing Him,"It s no secret that Donald Trump s rabid, uneducated fans are dangerous. The latest example of this is 38-year-old  economically anxious voter  Kevin Parnell.Parnell became furious when his biracial stepdaughter was arrested for prostitution and blamed it on her ex-boyfriend, Jordan Briggs. Parnell sent a number of colorful messages to Briggs calling him a  n*gger  and threatening to  hang  him. I m going to strip you naked and whip you like the slave you are,  Parnell said in one message. You were warned,  he posted publicly on Facebook, then ten he hopped in his white pickup truck and drove to the apartment Briggs shared with  his roommate, Sammie Jones. He banged on the door three times,  Briggs told the  Star-Telegram.  I told Sammie not to answer. I went to the back and instantly froze up. Sammie had answered the door. You know what kind of gun this is, boy?  Briggs heard Parnell say to Sammie.  It is a Glock 40. Then he heard the gunshot that took Sammie Jones  life. Parnell, whose Facebook profile is unsurprisingly littered with posts supporting Donald Trump, closed the door and ran away like the coward he is. Sammie was being so calm,  Briggs says.  He just shot my bro in the face and burned off. Parnell remains behind bars on $500,000 bond, but he ll be happy to know his stepdaughter s case was dismissed.At this point, it s safe to say anyone who supports Donald Trump is a Nazi, a racist, a white supremacist, a bigot, a xenophobe, or is someone who is perfectly OK with all of those things and fine with being surrounded by those sorry excuses for people.. This is getting dangerous.Featured image via screengrab",News,"September 13, 2017"
 White Supremacist Marine Kicked Out Of The Corps After Being Busted Doing Nazi Stuff,"The best way to not get fired, get kicked out of school or booted out of the military if you re a Nazi, is to not do Nazi stuff. Apparently, one Marine just couldn t stop himself and was arrested at a pro-Confederate rally (where we re totally sure it was just about his  heritage ), and took it upon himself to unfurl a banner with a white supremacist slogan   allegedly.Staff Sgt. Joseph Manning was stationed at the Marine Corps Engineer School at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina at the time he was arrested on May 20th in Graham, North Carolina, and charged with first-degree trespass, a Class 2 misdemeanor, the Military Times reports.Manning and fellow active-duty Marine Sgt. Michael Chesny are accused of climbing a building and unfurling a banner with the letters  YWNRU  on it, The Times-News reported on May 27. The letters reportedly stand for  You will not replace us,  which is the slogan for Identity Evropa, a white nationalist group founded by Marine veteran Nathan Damigo.How Nazi is that you ask? Well, you didn t ask but that s the same slogan we heard in the Vice video which showed Nazis storming the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia during the  Unite the Right  hate-rally which rocked the nation and resulted in one Trump-supporting white supremacist using his car as a weapon to mow down anti-racist protesters, killing one and injuring at least 19 others. The  You will not replace us  chant from racists turned into  Jews will not replace us  during the march.Manning is presently in the process of  being administratively separated from the Corps,  according to the Military Times.Capt. Joshua Pena, a spokesman for Training and Education Command, said the investigation is part of the administrative process and its results cannot be released publicly.Manning s career in the Marine Corps lasted 15 years, beginning in 2002, His military awards include the Purple Heart, Combat Action Ribbon, Iraq Campaign Medal, and Afghanistan Campaign Medal and he threw that all away so that he could act like a f*cking Nazi. And even though his banner read,  YWNRU  (you will not replace us), he was certainly  replaced. Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",News,"September 13, 2017"
 Trump Shamefully Uses Hurricane Devastation To Promote Tax Cuts For The Wealthy,"Leave it to Donald Trump to exploit a tragedy.Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma have left parts of Texas and Florida in ruins. Americans are dead because of these storms and the resulting floods.I ll say that again. People are dead.But that isn t stopping Trump from using the storms to promote his tax reform policy, a policy that would mostly benefit the wealthy while slashing the very revenues that contribute to paying for a strong Coast Guard, a prepared FEMA, and the organizations that predict and track hurricanes.On his Twitter Wednesday morning, Trump urged Congress to begin work on tax reform.The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 13, 2017Trump then told Congress to pass tax reform because of the hurricanes.With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 13, 2017For most Twitter users, this didn t make any sense.This makes no sense. Hurricanes are going to require more federal government spending. That means cutting taxes will just hurt relief effort  Ed Krassenstein (@EdKrassen) September 13, 2017Actually, those hurricanes suggest action on climate change is needed more than ever before.  Miranda Yaver (@mirandayaver) September 13, 2017Also decreasing revenue of government may impact the ability to help fund relief efforts for those that need it most.  Michael Romano (@Romano_PoliSci) September 13, 2017 What? How are the two connected? Who is paying for the relief if you continue to cut taxes?  Calvin (@calvinstowell) September 13, 2017Indeed, Trump s tax plan would give tax giveaways to wealthy individuals and corporations. So while the rest of us are paying more than our fair share to keep the government running, people like Trump and corporations like the Trump Organization will be able to shirk their own responsibility.Right now, we need taxes. Trump is already growing the deficit that had been shrinking under President Obama. Now he wants it to skyrocket with tax cuts that won t do a damn thing to help this country. All such tax cuts will do is further strangle already cash-strapped government agencies like FEMA that Americans need more than ever.What this country needs most is higher taxes on the wealthy, not lower.Trump should be ashamed of himself for using these two tragedies to push his greedy tax plan. It s an insult to the millions of Americans who have been affected.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 13, 2017"
 Chainsaw MASS-acre: This Nun Is Doing More For Irma Victims Than Leather-Face Trump,"On Tuesday afternoon, Miami-Dade Police tweeted a picture and an amazing video of one Sister Margaret Ann helping with cleanup from Hurricane Irma. Despite wearing some questionably suitable clothing for operating heavy equipment, the nun from Archbishop Coleman F. Carroll High School in the Miami suburb of West Kendall, Florida was on the scene with a chainsaw to put the fear of God into some downed trees in her neighborhood.We are #OneCommunity in @MiamiDadeCounty! Thank you Sister Margaret Ann of @ACCHS_Bulldogs for pitching in as we recover from #Irma ? pic.twitter.com/KSqdHFHJuv  Miami-Dade Police (@MiamiDadePD) September 12, 2017? of Sister Margaret Ann in action. Thank you to all of our neighbors that are working together to get through this! We are #MiamiDadeStrong pic.twitter.com/5tG6nzk7Ye  Miami-Dade Police (@MiamiDadePD) September 12, 2017The Sister is geared up for doing the Lord s work, and I can t help but wonder what other pious servants of Jesus are up to today.  Let s see, we ve got Ted  No Right To Masturbate  Cruz   he s got his hands full with a  staffing issue Twitter mishap today. Mike Pence is probably about to give Mother her afternoon peck on the cheek, so he can t really grab a rake or a shovel. And what about the Proselytizer-in-Chief, Trump himself?He s busy congratulating his son Eric on the birth of their very-biblically nicknamed new child,  Luke. Congratulations to Eric & Lara on the birth of their son, Eric ""Luke"" Trump this morning! https://t.co/Aw0AV82XdE  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 12, 2017I have no idea what the quotation marks are for, so I m just going to assume it s so nobody thinks Donald s newest grandchild is about to write the next book of Acts. But with a new baby to fawn over the genes of, and his Twitter to maintain, there s no way that Donald Trump has any time to be helping with any silly hurricanes. After his administration started talking about withholding Harvey aid, did anyone actually expect any different?All I know is, that s one bad-ass nun. Trump could take a lesson from Sister Margaret Ann.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 12, 2017"
 WATCH: Russian Politician Gloats On LIVE TV That Putin Stole Our Election,"Donald Trump may call anything related to his administration s collusion with Russia as FAKE NEWS, but you know who disagrees? Russia.Russian politician Vyacheslav Nikonov appeared on Sunday Evening with Vladimir Solovyov  where he shocked everyone by coming out and saying that, yes, Russia did steal the election. The U.S. overshot. Their intelligence services all slept through Russia electing the U.S. President,  Nikonov said, clearly shocking the host who seemed to have no idea how to respond (especially since the wrong response could have gotten him assassinated).  What kind of intelligence service is that? As we speak, Mueller s investigation of Donald Trump is heating up as The Donald s campaign is forced to turn over documents. Many Republicans speculate that he s  going for the kill. This is all very bad news for Trump, who has managed to bamboozle his Faithful into believing that the Russia investigation is a liberal lie designed to smear him   one in which the FAKE NEWS media is complicit.Watch Rachel Maddow report on the remarks below:?BREAKING VIDEO? MADDOW reporting ? Russia ADMITTED on live TV last night that they ELECTED DONALD TRUMP AS PRESIDENT? share and RT! pic.twitter.com/rzTo1DMMeZ  Royce Christyn (@ChristynRoyce) September 12, 2017Featured image via screengrab",News,"September 12, 2017"
 OOPS: Trump Forgets That He’s A Twitter Obsessed Narcissist Who Talks About Himself,"Donald Trump is a complainer, but he really only has himself to blame.Long before Election Day in 2016, a lot of books and articles had already been written about Trump, but since taking office, news about Trump has skyrocketed.For some reason, Trump has a problem with it.Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me & have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 12, 2017I myself have written about Trump so many times that I have to take mental health breaks from time to time.Trump has apparently forgotten that everybody has access to him. Not only that, the man is constantly talking about himself   he can t keep his mouth shut. Over the years he has appeared on radio and television, and has even repeatedly phoned into Fox News.Trump s Twitter feed alone is a rich source that has spawned thousands of articles and, yes, it could fill a book or two.It s never-ending for him. He is obsessed with being the center of attention and if he s not he will do or say something to become the center attention.Trump is such a public person that it makes sense that there s enough material out there to fill up books and give journalists and bloggers things to write about on a daily basis.Trump s other problem is that people who have personal access to him, such as aides and White House staffers, are leaking information. That s how the media has a good idea of what is going on inside the White House.It s how we know Trump s White House is chaotic.Make no mistake, Trump is whining because he thinks every book and article written about him should be nothing more than propaganda that makes him look good.But as long as he keeps acting like a buffoon on Twitter (and during public appearances), he can expect the truth to continue to be written whether he likes it or not.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"September 12, 2017"
" Reporter Destroys Trump’s Homeland Security Advisor On Climate Change, This Is Brilliant (VIDEO)","The Trump administration has been getting absolutely pummeled for its refusal to acknowledge climate change, even as it becomes more obvious in our surroundings.On Monday, CNN s Jim Acosta tore Trump s Homeland Security advisor, Tom Bossert, apart in front of everyone for the administration s ignorance. Acknowledging the fact that several massive hurricanes have been ravaging the United States, Acosta cornered Bossert, asking him if Trump and his administration  saw a connection between climate change and homeland security and that the frequency and intensity of powerful storms like Harvey and Irma can pose a problem for future administrations  and if the storms were  giving the administration some pause when it comes to the issue of climate change and homeland security. Bossert was almost beside himself as he said: Causality s something outside of my ability to analyze right now. We continue to take seriously the climate change, not the cause of it, but the things that we observe. Then, Acosta nailed him and the entire Trump administration for their stupidity and ignorance: When you see three category 4 hurricanes all on the same map at the same time, does the thought occur to you,  Jeez, you know, maybe there is something to this climate change thing and its connection to powerful hurricanes?  Or do you just separate the two and say,  Boy, these are a lot of hurricanes coming our way? Bossert, nearly crumbling in front of the entire room of reporters, responded: There is a cyclical nature to the hurricane seasons and I thank the scientists for their forecast on this particular one. They were dead on that this would be a stronger and more powerful hurricane season with slightly more than average large storms making landfall  So we ll have to do a larger trend analysis at a later date. Trump s administration is being challenged by the obvious evidence for climate change, and now they re being called out for it. No one can ignore what is currently happening in our environment, and the enormous impact it will have if Trump s administration doesn t wake up. You can watch Acosta destroy Bossert below:Featured image via video screen capture ",News,"September 11, 2017"
 A Florida Pizza Hut To Irma-Fleeing Employees: You Will Be Disciplined If You Leave,"Residents in Florida who work at a Pizza Hut were told by the manager that workers would be disciplined if they evacuated due to the deadly hurricane that barreled down on the state. A photo quickly circulated on Twitter of a memo posted for employees in one Jacksonville Pizza Hut location, which included a list of instructions for employees according to the Washington Post. To all Team members,  the memo begins, then lays out a policy that dictates that employees cannot evacuate more than 24 hours before the storm, and then must return within 72 hours.  Failure to show for these shifts, regardless of reason, will be considered a no call/no show and documentation will be issued,  it states.  After the storm, we need all TM s available to get the store up and running and serve our communities as needed. Pizza Hut wants its minimum wage employees to risk their lives for corporate profits. (@KatiSipp) pic.twitter.com/r8rwb3O7I6  Jacobin (@jacobinmag) September 11, 2017We re not sure how drivers can deliver pizza during or following a storm, even for a whopping $7.91 per hour, which is totally worth risking your life for. After all, you re a  team member. Obviously, a backlash ensued on Twitter, probably because most people don t want to see Pizza Hut employees die.@pizzahut why do you threaten workers who flee Irma?This is sick!  brucewayne (@centurysavior) September 11, 2017@pizzahut You guys are closed on Christmas, but sending delivery drivers to their death for a hurricane? What's up with that?  Avery (@Avyrey) September 11, 2017This is sick  Serena Vega (@Serena_vegaYT) September 11, 2017Because the first thing I'm concerned about in a Cat 5 storm is whether or not I can get a stuffed crust pizza delivered.  Josva Oedon ?? (@gtch603) September 11, 2017Pizza Hut has been taking a lot of flak and issued a statement. We are uncompromising in our commitment to the safety and well-being of our team members,  the statement begins.  All locations in the path of Irma are closed and will remain closed until local authorities deem the area safe. We absolutely do not have a policy that dictates when team members can leave or return from a disaster, and the manager who posted this letter did not follow company guidelines. We can also confirm that the local franchise operator has addressed this situation with the manager involved,  it concludes while confirming that the manager of the store did indeed tell his or her employees that they would be disciplined for fleeing from a deadly hurricane.But not all Pizza Hut restaurants are bad. A Pizza Hut in the Houston area participated in relief efforts and handed out free pizza pies to Hurricane Harvey victims. One Pizza Hut manager, Shayda Habib, took it upon herself to use a kayak in order to deliver free pizza to people who were stuck in flooded homes. By the way, Ms. Habib is pregnant.Photo via Ulrich Baumgarten/Getty Images.",News,"September 11, 2017"
 Never Forget: Donald Trump Bragged About Having The Tallest Building In Manhattan After 9/11,"I ll bet if you go to your kitchen and look at the calendar by your fridge, in tiny letters at the bottom of today s date it says  Patriot Day.  If not, don t worry   the official title for today s remembrance only began in 2002, the year after the terrorist attack that changed almost everything about the way our nation conducts itself. The word  patriot  means different things to different people, and we won t pretend to speak for them all here. But we know it when we see it, and we know the opposite of it, as well.Patriotism is what we see when we watched Americans coming together in grief and solidarity, helping each other in the aftermath of the attack. The opposite of it is what we saw when former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani politically invoked the attacks so much that Vice President Joe Biden once remarked that all Giuliani needed  to make a sentence is a noun, a verb, and 9/11.  Patriotism was on the face of our last President, holding a soup ladle in a national day of service in 2011. The opposite is what you call it when Rush Limbaugh attacked him and said he was  visiting the beneficiaries of his policies. Patriotism, in the words of Clarence Darrow,  hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. What it does not do is tout itself as superior. We see nothing but that from Donald Trump. When Trump lied on national television   one of more than a thousand times he s done so since his election   and said that he heard Muslims  cheering  the fall of the towers, perhaps what he was actually doing was projecting a little bit of his own guilt onto adherents of a religion he doesn t and has no desire to understand.Maybe, just maybe, Donald Trump felt a tiny bit bad for saying the worst thing anyone in America said on that fateful day in 2001: 40 Wall Street actually was the second-tallest building in downtown Manhattan, and it was actually, before the World Trade Center, was the tallest-and then, when they built the World Trade Center, it became known as the second-tallest. And now it s the tallest. What s at 40 Wall Street? The 71-story Trump Building.Listen here, if you can.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",News,"September 11, 2017"
 Fox News Just Compared Slave Owners To 9/11 Victims. Seriously (VIDEO),"Nobody can accuse Fox News of being sane most of the time, particularly when it comes to some of their talk shows. Take Fox & Friends, for instance. Their hosts have extremely poor analytical skills and extreme conservative tunnel vision, but they press on with their bullshit anyway. Today is the 16th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, so Fox & Friends is talking about it. But they obviously can t do it without politicizing it, and they ve done so in an extremely disgusting way.They voiced their problems with the ongoing removal of Confederate statues from public spaces, and decided to try and appeal to people s emotions about them by complaining that, once liberals are done removing Confederate statues, they ll go after things like 9/11 memorial statues and monuments.No, really, they did that.Speaking to Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, who was talking about the memorial of United Flight 93 on the show, host Brian Kilmeade actually asked this question: Do you worry that 100 years from now someone is going to take that memorial down like they are trying remake our memorials today? Because the people who stopped terrorists from flying Flight 93 to its target are totally the same thing as people who advocated for the continued ownership of African-American. Of fellow human beings. The passengers on that plane died intentionally to prevent further tragedy. The Confederacy sought to preserve a tragedy that had already endured for thousands of years.Big difference, guys.And a horrifically insulting and inappropriate comparison to boot. Kilmeade might as well have tried to claim that the passengers of Flight 93 acted out of a desire to see the terrorists win. Zinke seemed uncomfortable with the question and tried to stumble his way out of it, and ultimately failed: I m one who believes, you know, that we should learn from history. And I think our monuments are a part of our country s history. Since we don t put up statues of Jesus, everyone is going to fall morally short. I think reflecting on our history, both good and bad, is a powerful statement and part of our DNA. I m an advocate, again, of learning from our monuments, understanding the period they were made. He ended with saying that, regardless of our differences, whether we re Republican or Democrat, monuments are a tribute to all of us.Oh, please. Just when we thought the entire administration had hit bottom, we find yet another freaking shovel with an order to start digging again. Zinke s complicit in this vile comparison now. Watch the entire shameful exchange below:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 11, 2017"
" Trump Praises Coast Guard’s Hurricane Relief For All The Wrong Reasons, What He Said Is Awful (VIDEO)","Leave it to Donald Trump to disrespect both the heroes and victims of a massive hurricane.Earlier today at the White House, Trump spoke with reporters about the devastating effects Hurricane Irma will have on Florida and the surrounding areas. Trump also assured everyone that he would be traveling to the damaged areas soon to provide assistance. But what grabbed everyone s attention were Trump s comments to the Coast Guard as he praised them for their efforts.Everything started well as Trump commended the Coast Guard for their response to the hurricane. However, Trump ruined his speech by showing America that he still doesn t know how to be presidential and cannot tell the difference between what is appropriate and what is not in a dire situation. While Hurricane Irma rages on, Trump felt it was the perfect time to talk about the Coast Guard s branding. Yes, really. Trump congratulated the agency on raising its image, completely overshadowing any praise about their efforts. Trump said: A group that really deserves credit is the United States Coast Guard. What they ve done   I mean, they ve gone right into that, and you never know. When you go in there, you don t know if you re coming out. They are really   if you talk about branding, no brand has improved more than the United States Guard. Once again, it s very clear that even in times of great tragedy and danger, all Trump cares about or pays attention to is image and ratings. This was totally disrespectful to the Coast Guard as well as to those suffering due to Hurricanes Irma and Harvey. Branding is the last thing we should be concerned about here.You can watch Trump s ridiculous speech below:Pres. Trump says he will visit Florida  soon,  will keep an eye on how Hurricane Irma develops over the next few hours. pic.twitter.com/itaTVJYuDH  CBS News (@CBSNews) September 10, 2017Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 10, 2017"
" Florida GOP Official Tried To Murder A Teen With A Claw Hammer, Refuses To Resign","Back in May, Republicans in Broward County elected Rupert Tarsey secretary of their GOP affiliate. Little did they know they had actually elected Rupert Ditsworth, a former student at LA s Harvard-Westlake School, a $40,000 per year preparatory academy in California. More than a decade ago, Ditsworth attacked a fellow student at H-W, Elizabeth Barcay, hitting her over the head at least 40 times with a claw hammer after a date to Jamba Juice gone awry, before dumping her out of the car and fleeing.After the attempted murder, Ditsworth s parents enlisted a psychiatrist to try and suss out why their son may have beaten a girl within an inch of her life. No word on whether the shrink was any use, other than that Rupert still claims he was defending himself and went on to work on the Trump presidential campaign before running for election to the Broward GOP.So that s a no.Now Florida Republicans are understandably freaking out. The Fort Lauderdale area is largely Democratic, and having a party secretary who once split open the skull of a high school girl tends to cast an organization in a dim light.Tarsey, as Rupert is now known, doesn t see what the problem is. He sat down for an exclusive interview with DailyMail.com at his $2 million beachfront condo: Why should I resign? I did nothing wrong and I was elected. This is just party politics. Tarsey insists his name change has nothing to do with his horrific attack on a defenseless young woman with a deadly weapon.  I m estranged from my dad,  Tarsey says. Perhaps the broken skull, nose, and leg that the girl suffered at the hands of his 6-foot-2 son explains why dear old dad may have created some distance between them.The chair of the Broward GOP, Bob Sutton, was apoplectic: We were blindsided. He s a member of the Knights of Columbus for Christ s sake. And he came highly recommended by the former chair.We had no idea what his background is. We want him out but he is refusing to resign. He deceived us. It looks like he even used a reputation management firm to make sure we wouldn t find out who he is. It really is a shame that Republicans aren t better at figuring out that members of their party are horrible monsters. Perhaps if they started with the racists, sexists, and homophobes, they might get better at spotting the guys with the claw hammers in their closets.Featured image via screen capture",News,"September 10, 2017"
" ‘Shoot At Hurricane Irma’ Facebook Event Taken Too Seriously, So Police Had To Issue A Warning","A Facebook event called  Shoot At Hurricane Irma  popped up just before the powerful storm made landfall in Florida, and apparently people took it seriously enough that the police felt they had to issue warnings not to do it.Over 80,000 people responded to the event, which tells us two things: One, that the event s young and naive creator, Ryon Edwards, had no freaking clue what he was really doing; and two, that people really are dumb enough to accept this on its face rather than question it. That s probably more true of right-wing gun nuts than anything since the nuttier part of the right loves any excuse to shoot off their firearms.The Pasco County Sheriff s Department, concerned that idiots might actually try this, tweeted the following in response to the interest in the event:To clarify, DO NOT shoot weapons @ #Irma. You won t make it turn around & it will have very dangerous side effectshttps://t.co/CV4Y9OJknv  Pasco Sheriff (@PascoSheriff) September 10, 2017It s a tiny bit like firing your weapon straight into the air. What goes up, must come down, and the bullets can come down on perfectly innocent people and cause serious injury. In the case of a hurricane, the bullets can get spun around, more or less, and come back to you or someone near you. That warning tweet has been retweeted nearly 30,000 times.Edwards claimed that he created the event out of  stress and boredom.  The response apparently was a complete surprise to him, with him saying that he never thought this would get so out of control. People have allegedly even created graphics that show how to shoot at the hurricane  correctly,  and other Facebook events have appeared, with one suggesting using flamethrowers to stop the hurricane.It s really hard to tell what s sarcasm and what s not sometimes, especially for, well, stupid people. Edwards would have been better off finding something else to do with his  stress and boredom,  because yes, people really are that stupid.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"September 10, 2017"
 WATCH: Black Driver Bravely Shames Cop Who Drew His Gun Over A Turn Signal Infraction,"When you are Black in America, getting pulled over by a cop   even for the smallest infraction   is a very scary thing. As we have seen repeatedly, this could cost you your life. Usually, when that happens, the cop in question faces no real consequences. Generally, the police department investigates itself and finds it did nothing wrong, naturally. So, to that end, Black Americans tend to act with extreme compliance when it comes to interactions with police. Not being that way could cost us our lives. However, one brave black driver who was pulled over for not using his turn signal properly decided that he s had enough, and confronted the cop who pulled him over and approached with a drawn gun.The whole incident was caught on video, as the man goes all in on the cop, saying: Big f*cking crime right? Big crime. A crime enough for you to come with your fucking gun pulled out, right? A turn signal not made is a big enough crime for you to need to take out your service pistol. Do you have no conscience? You just don t give a f*ck right? Because I would have been just another dead black motherf*cker right?  the man tells the officer.  And you would have just gone about your business, right? Luckily, the officer didn t shoot, and just accepted this rightfully outraged driver reading him the goods on his racist behavior. It s too bad more encounters with racist cops making unfounded assumptions about the supposed dangerous criminality of Black Americans can t end this way.Now, time to find out who this cop is.Watch the priceless video evidence of America s racist policing problem below:Cop pulls over a black man for failure to signal, walks to his car with his gun drawn  Black dude is my fucking hero????????????????????? pic.twitter.com/S8ef8Mx4Kk  SIX_FOOT_5 (@Choco_Optimus) September 10, 2017The ending of black dude going ham on cop  Left him looking stupid as fuck! ? pic.twitter.com/9oCHBbCBRi  SIX_FOOT_5 (@Choco_Optimus) September 10, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 10, 2017"
" Trump Junior TOTALLY Staged This Awkward Photo For The NYT, And Twitter Loves It","Last week, Donald Trump Junior became a new focus for Senate investigators in the case against Russia regarding the 2016 election. The New York Times did a piece on Wednesday detailing the fact that Junior was scheduled to  meet  with them (behind closed doors, of course) the following day and, well, you know the rest.It wasn t the article, explosive though it was, that captured the internet s attention, though. It was the hilariously badly-staged photo that Don Jr. apparently staged for Todd Heisler, a photographer on the Times  staff, and the image it was clearly trying   and failing miserably   to portray:I, too, casually arrange photographs of my 100 children to face outwards so I can only see the backs of frames pic.twitter.com/Pa0cHP5ayj  Ashley Feinberg (@ashleyfeinberg) September 8, 2017See the problem? Obviously when they were setting up the shoot, Son of the Deal decided he needed the world to know how much he loves his five kids. So he took essentially every picture ever taken of them, put them in shiny frames, and arranged them to best be captured by the camera, dad s studious face aglow with the glare of hard work emanating from his computer monitor stern in the background.Facing away from him.It was just too good to pass up, and so Twitter did not:THE PHOTOS MUST EARN THE RIGHT TO FACE FATHER  the September Son (@bagofbadgers) September 8, 2017I don't want to know what he uses those giant scissors for  Sam Lloyd (@LloydWithTwoLs) September 8, 2017His photos shoots are all awkward af pic.twitter.com/LoVhqrVpyr  pauisanoun (@pauisanoun) September 8, 2017Welp, he's always seemed to be somewhat genetically inferior. #BestGenes pic.twitter.com/3RTMHJJWwM  TinyFingeredFuhrer (@TinyFingerTrump) September 8, 2017Where's my brother don jr pic.twitter.com/UooKJ1vInw  WrongAgain (@wrongestwrong) September 9, 2017He needs the bobblehead of his father there because it's the only way he'll get him to nod ""yes"" to something  Kristen Hernandez (@K_Hern) September 8, 2017He's only 30% sure the kids are his  M.R.Scully (@Falling_Short) September 8, 2017One user made a fine point about why it may have been set up so peculiarly:Joke's on you, he can see them in the 10 ft mirror that's guaranteed to be on the other side of the room  Selerax (@Selerax) September 8, 2017While this woman pointed out that the biggest of Junior s photos on the desk was actually one of himself   just like his dad: pic.twitter.com/7NMhprnhGS  suzanne zuppello (@suppello) September 8, 2017Here s the part I think is funny, though:This is the most painfully staged shot I have ever seen in my whole entire life, bar none, EVER.  ?TheKIERHAWK (@KieranStrange) September 9, 2017A quick Google search says that Todd Heisler of the New York Times is a professional photographer with thousands of shoots under his belt, a Pulitzer Prize, and an Emmy. C mon, Todd  Don t even play like you didn t know Junior looked like an idiot.For the long con, for the wait-for-it, waaaaaait-for-it troll, I salute you.Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",News,"September 10, 2017"
 New Hampshire Cops Intent On Protecting Sadistic Racist White Teens Who Tried To Lynch A Biracial Boy,"It s 2017, and lynchings of black people still happen, just as they did during Jim Crow. Case in point- how an 8-year-old boy in New Hampshire nearly lost his life because of some racist white teens who hung him from a tree with a rope. Luckily, the child was able to remove the rope himself and make it home.The whole incident started when the victim, a Claremont, New Hampshire resident was playing outside. The teens in question allegedly hurled racist slurs at the child, who is biracial in a 96% white town, and threw rocks and sticks at him. Things escalated when they all stood on a picnic table and took turns putting the rope of a tire swing around their necks. Then, they took the child and, according to Lorrie Slattery, a grandmother of one of the kids present, took the child and said: The (teenagers) said,  Look at this,  supposedly putting the rope around their necks,  Slattery said.  One boy said to (her grandson),  Let s do this,  and then pushed him off the picnic table and hung him. He swung three times before he was able to get down, and wound up having to be flown to a hospital for life-saving treatment. What is most appalling is how little national media attention this is getting. Further, Claremont Police Chief Mark Chase wants to make sure these horrific little racists are  protected  due to their  mistakes.  He won t even say whether or not there will be criminal charges, and certainly is not releasing their names. In fact, the only reason this is getting any attention at all is because the boy s mother, Cassandra Merlin, posted the following images on social media:This is a story that needs to blow up nationwide until this child receives justice. These attempted murdering racists need to be thrown in jail for the foreseeable future and charged with a hate crime. I won t hold my breath on it, but spread it far and wide. Make it go national until they have no choice but to act.It s the least we can all do.Featured image via screen capture from The Root",News,"September 10, 2017"
 Two Florida Lawmakers Just Voted Against Hurricane Relief As Irma Strikes Their State,"Two Florida Republican lawmakers voted against a $15 billion hurricane relief bill just as Irma churned toward the state. Congressmen Matt Gaetz (R-FL) and Ted Yoho (R-FL) claim they have concerns about other provisions of the measure. Irma is now a Category 3 storm with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph but forecasters expect the storm to strengthen. Presently, the Florida Keys is facing a potentially catastrophic force that could threaten to drown entire islands.But, it s obviously more important for Gaetz and Yoho to exercise their conservative bonafides.The relief package sailed through the Senate and the House and was signed by Donald Trump on Friday. The package boosts funding for the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), a necessary move at this time following the destruction left by Hurricane Harvey and much more expected after Florida feels Irma s force and fury. Also, FEMA is running out of money so the funds are needed.The package will also raise the debt ceiling for three months and includes a short-term budget that would keep the government running until December. The deal struck between Trump and Democratic leaders Sen. Charles E. Schumer (N.Y.) and Rep. Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) sent Republicans into a panic while disregarding that lives are at stake after the deadly storm obliterated Houston, Texas.The Washington Post reports:That latter was a problem for GOP Reps. Matt Gaetz and Ted Yoho, who stuck to their principles of fiscal conservatism despite calls from fellow Florida lawmakers to support the bill. The two, who are among the 90 House Republicans who voted against the bill, do not represent parts of the state that are likely to feel Irma s immediate impact as the massive storm makes landfall on mainland United States this weekend. Snaking in a debt-ceiling increase with funding for victims and communities affected is immoral and reflective of broken leadership in Washington,  Yoho said after the vote Friday.  I do not think it wise to extend our borrowing limit without mandatory spending reforms . . . If this was a clean measure that focused on those affected by Hurricane Harvey, I would have proudly voted for it. Gaetz, whose district includes coastal areas along the Gulf of Mexico, said the debt limit should be raised only if it includes cuts in entitlement programs, which is really heartless since many victims of the Hurricanes will need a hand up after losing everything they owned in the world. I have a pretty strident view that I will only vote to raise the debt limit if that vote is accompanied by reductions in entitlement spending,  Gaetz said.  If conservatives don t start voting no against debt-limit increases, all the FEMA in the world won t save us from our most unfortunate destiny. U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) was against federal aid for victims of Hurricane Sandy, then a natural disaster struck his state with deadly force. Suddenly, he s cool with aid being provided to his state. Funny how that works. But the other two Republicans just don t want to help anyone, even their own constituents.Photo: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images.",News,"September 9, 2017"
" New Study Proves That Trump Supporters Are Racist, Infuriated By Black People (IMAGE)","Despite the fact that Donald Trump and his fanbase try to convince everyone that they re not racist whenever they get called out, the verdict is in   and it s exactly as we suspected.Conservatives have been trying to convince everyone that their politics and values are about lowering taxes and minimizing big government, glossing over the fact that most of the time their policies will hurt minorities. Well, there s finally a proven reason for that   it s because, plain and simple, conservatives are racist as hell. And even worse, they have a particular fear of African Americans.In a study reported by Vox, Trump supporters can be set off just by looking at a picture of a black person, and just seeing one can significantly change how they feel about a policy. This was discovered thanks to a new study by political scientists at Colgate and the University of Minnesota, which shed light on some of Trump supporters  most racist behaviors.In the study, conservative participants were asked how they feel about housing assistance. The participants were divided in their support, however, when the researchers threw in a twist, it was discovered that Trump voters were WAY more likely to support housing assistance when they were shown an image of a white person. When they were shown a picture of a black person, it was a completely different story.And it gets worse   not only were the Trump supporters less supportive, but they actually became angry! Just by looking at an African American person, Trump supporters got mad. The authors of this study, which was called Supporters and Opponents of Donald Trump Respond Differently to Racial Cues: An Experimental Analysis,  wrote:We find that white Trump supporters randomly exposed to a black (versus a white) man in the context of soliciting their support for a housing-assistance policy were more opposed to the policy, angrier about the policy, and more likely to blame beneficiaries for their situation.So now we know that no matter how conservatives try to twist their justifications for not supporting certain causes that directly affect black people, the underlying issue is really that they re racist.Featured image via Mark Wallheiser  / Getty Images",News,"September 9, 2017"
 Red Cross Raises Tens Of Millions And You Won’t Believe What They’re Feeding Hurricane Victims,"Americans are opening their wallets and donating to relief efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey and with Hurricane Irma almost about to hit land in the U.S., people would be wise to be wary of which charity organization to give money to. For example, a survivor of Hurricane Harvey will be fed by the Red Cross but the food might kill them.The cauliflower doesn t even look cooked and it sits next to a few slices of what looks like ham along with crackers instead of bread.It isn t clear what the percentage of donations to the Red Cross goes to victims. The charity organization claims that 91 percent goes to victims but that s far from the truth. A Houston councilman has asked for people to not donate to the Red Cross, an organization which affords its executives with a hefty salary. I beg you not to send them a penny,  Houston City Councilman Dave Martin said at Wednesday s council meeting.  They are the most inept unorganized organization I ve ever experienced. Don t waste your money,  Martin added.  Give it to another cause. A study released by Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) claims that the Red Cross had spent $124 million   one-quarter of the money donors gave for earthquake relief in Haiti in 2010   on internal expenses.Since Hurricane Harvey hit Texas, the Red Cross has collected $211 million, according to USA Today.This Catholic charity claims that 100% of donated money goes to the victims of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.We are the official disaster relief agency of the US Catholic Church. 100% of funds go to #Harvey & #Irma relief. https://t.co/QaFD3UYALX  CatholicCharitiesUSA (@CCharitiesUSA) September 9, 2017To its credit, the Red Cross is a massive first-response organization which has sheltered and fed (see picture above) hundreds of thousands of people.A good chunk of Donald Trump s $1 million donation to victims of Hurricane Harvey went to the Red Cross..@realDonaldTrump releases list of charities he donated to for Hurricane Harvey relief. pic.twitter.com/Tb51qQJd2I  David Fahrenthold (@Fahrenthold) September 6, 2017We re not suggesting that the Red Cross feed ribeye steaks and lobster tails to hurricane victims, but geez, how about throwing together a sandwich with a few extras for the hungry survivors who are left with nothing in the world due to a natural disaster.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images.@RedCrossHouston & @RedCross what kind of meal is this?! All of these monetary donations and food we brought in, this is what you serve?! pic.twitter.com/XaMOohh0Mi  Ashton P. Woods (@AshtonPWoods) September 9, 2017",News,"September 9, 2017"
 ‘Pharma Bro’ Faces Prison Time For Offering To Pay People To Assault Hillary Clinton,"If you ve spent months or years telling Martin Shkreli,  Pharma Bro  as he is more commonly known, to go  fuck  himself, you ll be pleased to know he did just that.Shkreli, known for jacking up the price of life-saving medication, is currently out on bond while awaiting sentencing for securities fraud, but that may be a temporary condition of prosecutors have their way.Recently, Shkreli offered to pay his Twitter followers an obscene amount of money   $5,000 per strand   for Hillary Clinton s hair allegedly for genetic testing. The Clinton Foundation is willing to KILL to protect its secrets. So on HRC s book tour, try to grab a hair from her,  he wrote Monday. I must confirm the sequences I have. Will pay $5,000 per hair obtained from Hillary Clinton. Payment after the sequence matches. Good luck, patrollers. Apparently, ordering people to assault the former First Lady   a threat that has led to increased Secret Service protection   isn t such a good idea when you re out on bond.Citing this threat as well as others Shkreli has made toward other women, prosecutors say his bond should be revoked because he represents a  threat to the community. Prosecutors say that because of Shkreli s hit job, the Secret Service expended significant additional resources to ensure Secretary Clinton s protection. The government respectfully submits this motion for a bail revocation hearing, at which the government will move to revoke the defendant Martin Shkreli s bail and remand him into custody,  the prosecutor s motion reads.  His recent public conduct demonstrates that he cannot meet his post-trial burden to show, by clear and convincing evidence, that he does not pose a danger to the community. Shkreli has represented a  danger to the community  for quite some time, but it s nice to see people trying to get him away from society for a while.Featured image via screengrab",News,"September 9, 2017"
 Another Pervert Out At Fox News Over Allegations Of Sexual Harassment,"Fox News has a problem with sexual predators in its ranks. Their gross corporate rape culture is costing them television personalities left and right. First, it was the now-deceased mastermind behind the network, Roger Ailes. Then it was Bill O Reilly (who was, by all accounts, their main star) who had to be canned to save the network s brand after millions were paid to his victims. Now, it is happening again   only this time it is Eric Bolling.Bolling had his own program, called The Specialists, which was relatively new, but he had been with the network for a decade. Fox News released a curt statement that read: Fox News Channel is canceling The Specialists, and Eric Bolling and Fox have agreed to part ways amicably. We thank Eric for his ten years of service to our loyal viewers and wish him the best of luck. There was no mention of the sexual harassment charges, but that was clearly the reason. Bolling has been accused of sending lewd photos of penises to female Fox News employees. Bolling, for his part, is, of course, denying the allegations. His lawyer released a statement that reads: Mr. Bolling recalls no such inappropriate communications, does not believe he sent any such communications, and will vigorously pursue his legal remedies for any false and defamatory accusations that are made. This all comes on the heels of Bolling being suspended after Yashar Ali of the Huffington Post came out with an explosive report regarding Bolling s conduct in the workplace. Bolling is filing a $50 million lawsuit against Yashar for character defamation. It likely won t go anywhere as no one in their right mind would write such a story without concrete evidence.That network of right-wing propaganda needs to go down the toilet with the rest of the sewage. They are misogynistic, racist, and all around bigoted to their core. They are also pathological liars who should not be allowed to call themselves  news. So long, Bolling. Hopefully the rest of that vile network follows.Featured image via Logopedia",News,"September 8, 2017"
 Trump Official Gets Asked A Simple Question About Global Warming. Her Response Is Unbelievable. (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s administration finds new ways to look foolish on a daily basis, and Trump s staff is more than willing to pick up the slack whenever their boss isn t behaving like a big enough idiot.On Friday, Trump s acting assistant administrator for Asia, Gloria Steele, made sure that she humiliated America and the Trump administration when she was left uncomfortably speechless by a simple question about climate change. The question was asked by Rep. Gerry Connolly (D-VA), who wanted to know if climate change has  anything at all to do with  rising sea levels in reference to the massive flooding in Bangladesh. Connolly asked Steele: Could the fact that a third of an entire sovereign nation Bangladesh being under water, could it have anything at all to do with, I don t know, the warming of the climate? Just like most of the incompetent people staffed on Trump s administration, Steele doesn t know a damn thing about the position she s in. Steele was obviously unprepared to answer any real questions about the matter, because all she could do was smile and let her mouth hang open as she was left clueless and speechless. This is an absolutely inappropriate response to a simple, straightforward question, but Steele could do no better.It turns out that Steele is taking after her boss in being completely ignorant. Trump himself has called climate change a  hoax  many times, and has even blamed the Chinese for being responsible for its creation. Trump s denial of facts and evidence on climate change is so dangerous that he made the United States one of the only three countries to oppose the Paris Climate Agreement. The stupidity of Trump and his administration are major threats to the future of the climate, and it s clear that they don t have any of the answers that the planet needs. You can watch Steele go completely mute below:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 8, 2017"
 Equifax Is Tricking Consumers Into Waiving Their Right To Sue Over Data Breach,"Equifax, the oldest and most valuable of the three main credit reporting agencies, revealed a massive data breach; one of the largest such hacks ever recorded. Personally identifying information like Social Security numbers, birth dates, and even driver s license numbers were involved in the breach, affecting up to 143 million people   nearly half the U.S. population.Naturally, anyone who with any credit at all will want to know whether or not their info was involved in the incident, and Equifax says they want to help. But now, concerns are being raised that Equifax is deceptively requiring consumers to waive their rights to join any class action lawsuit against them, should they enroll in the company s fraud protection program and possibly if they even use the website to see if they ve been affected.PSA: If you check Equifax's site to see if your data was stolen, you *waive your rights* to sue Equifax or be part of a class action suit. pic.twitter.com/p4AlmmLQ3r  Zack Whittaker (@zackwhittaker) September 8, 2017That s right   if you enroll in their fraud protection something they specifically provided to you because of the breach you automatically agree to arbitration and lose your right to sue. It s currently unclear whether this applies to merely checking to see if your information has been compromised.Outrageous. The website for the Equifax ID monitoring service Equifax is telling victims to sign up for includes an arbitration clause. pic.twitter.com/G7kSbrOsjS  Matthew Preusch (@mpreusch) September 8, 2017The website, which, for obvious reasons, we will not provide a clickable link for here, is equifaxsecurity2017.com.The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB ) is actually trying to ban arbitration clauses like this, specifically because they can be so deceptive. But those rules have not yet taken effect, and won t for another ten days. More importantly, the rule will not work retroactively, so consumers can t get out of this arbitration if they follow through with the sign-up process on the Equifax site.New York s Attorney General has already contacted Equifax about the arbitration clause:This language is unacceptable and unenforceable. My staff has already contacted @Equifax to demand that they remove it. https://t.co/vT0x7f5Xhc  Eric Schneiderman (@AGSchneiderman) September 8, 2017The CFPB said in a statement that the clause was  troubling,  and that they were investigating both the security incident that set this all off and the company s response to it, saying that  Equifax could remove this clause so that consumers can receive this service without condition. Not only is Equifax requiring an agreement that strips you of your legal rights, but even if you decide you don t care about all that, the company requires you to provide even more personal information as you sign up for the resolution tool.Featured image via media library",News,"September 8, 2017"
" With Irma About To Strike Florida, Trump Begs For Donations To His Re-Election Campaign","Trump has been tweeting about Hurricane Irma sort of for the last couple of days. His tweets mostly consist of bragging that his emergency teams are ready and telling people to stay safe. But while he s pretending to be concerned, he s also sending out messages begging people for donations; not to the charities and rescue organizations that are, and will be, on the ground in Florida during and after Irma, but to himself and his 2020 campaign.He s not even making a pretense of asking for donations to help him help those in Irma s path. Seriously. This is what he s sending out to his followers:The link in the above image goes to the donation page on Trump s campaign site, where a video again attacks career politicians and the media, and goes into his usual spiel about  Let s finish the job,  and  Make America great again.  It s ridiculously tone-deaf in light of how many are scrambling to aid those in Irma s path.He bragged about his response to the devastation of Hurricane Harvey, but he s not really doing anything but tweeting about Irma and closing Mar-a-Lago ahead of landfall. He s made a Facebook video that, like his tweets, urges people to get out of Irma s way, but many don t have that choice.The federal government has three major relief efforts to deal with right now: Ongoing recovery efforts in Texas and Louisiana, live-saving efforts in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands (where Irma has already hit), and evacuation and preparation efforts in Florida, which is more or less closed and in chaos.Trump will  monitor  Irma from the safety of Camp David and beg for donations to his campaign instead of do some real work.His timing for this kind of a message is especially poor. If he wants to ask for donations, fine. But he should be directing people to donate to the non-profits and other organizations that are on the ground everywhere in Irma s path and put his stupid, vapid campaign on hold. His priorities are clear, and they do not lie with the American people.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"September 8, 2017"
 Five ‘All American’ Football Players Booted From Team With Black QB After KKK Display,"The city of Creston, in the heart of Iowa, sits nestled between State Route 25 and U.S. Highway 34, only a mile from the eastern bank of Summit Lake. The seat of Union County offers two additional lakes to fish in, the glorious Green Valley State Park, and a high school football team full of terrifyingly virulent racists.At least, Creston had that last one until Thursday. Scheduled to play the Clarinda Cardinals Friday night, the Creston Panthers will suddenly find themselves without five of their starters after a viral photo of them wearing hoods and posing with a burning cross, a rifle, and a Confederate flag, made the rounds on social media earlier this week.Clearly, the players didn t do well in history at Creston High. The location of the school in Union County is a stark reminder of which side Iowans fought for in the Civil War.The boys will probably not face legal difficulties. Being a piece of shit KKK member, or even pretending to be one, is protected under the First Amendment, and in a town of fewer than 10,000, it s not likely there s a lawyer in town who could successfully argue that anyone suffered damages as a result of their racist idiocy. Not even Kylan Smallwood, the Panthers  quarterback, who is black. Sadly, Smallwood is already all too aware of the fact that this will blow over like nothing happened once the incident is forgotten. He won t forget, though: It s a bad way to put our town on the map, but I think as a community, we just have to move past it. Deal with it, I guess. I thought these guys were my friends. Like, I ve been to some of their houses before I wanted to ask them why, why they did it, but I haven t had the chance to yet. For their part, Creston High School has said that the students have been punished in addition to their removal from the team, but has not specified what that punishment was. Coach Brian Morrison called the families of each boy personally to tell them their sons were no longer playing for the Panthers.Just another day in post-racial America.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 8, 2017"
 Trump HUMILIATES Republicans In Latest Hissy Fit After Siding With Democrats On Debt Ceiling,"Donald Trump sure knows how to add insult to injury.Republicans in Congress must be seriously regretting their decision to endorse Trump now after they were totally humiliated on Thursday at the White House.During a meeting inside the Oval Office to discuss debt ceiling proposals, Trump stunned Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell by taking a deal offered by the Democrats which increases the debt ceiling for three months and provides Texas with Hurricane Harvey relief with no strings attached. Republicans were hoping for an 18 month increase and wanted to hold hurricane relief hostage in order to get concessions from the Democrats on other issues.But Trump pulled the rug out from under them because he knows that Republicans are incapable of governing even with majority control of the House and Senate.And that s why Trump kicked Republicans while they were down on Friday morning, suggesting he took the Democrats  offer because of Republican failures to pass legislation. He then whined about the filibuster and asked Republicans to work on tax reform and get it done before the end of the month.Republicans, sorry, but I ve been hearing about Repeal & Replace for 7 years, didn t happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 8, 2017 never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control   will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 8, 2017Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don t wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 8, 2017Republicans are not going to get tax reform done by the end of the month. They have even passed the debt ceiling bill with Hurricane Harvey relief yet. The GOP is a fractured party right now, the majority of whom are controlled by an extremist base.Trump would be better off working with the Democrats. He d not only get things done, he would be able to sign legislation that is far better for the country.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 8, 2017"
 GOP ‘Moderate’ Under Attack From The Far Right Will Not Seek Re-election,"We recently reported on how the far right is waging war against a dying breed: Congressional Republicans who at least attempt to be compassionate and reasonable in their policy-making. At the top of the list for these far right lunatics  antics has been Rep. Charlie Dent (R-PA), who is the co-chair of the moderate Tuesday Group in the House Republican conference. Dent has obviously been feeling the pressure from his less reasonable comrades, as he will not seek re-election in the 2018 midterms.This really isn t that surprising. Increasingly, the ultra conservative Freedom Caucus has gained power in the House Republican conference, and they and their followers have absolutely no problem ousting people who won t fall in line with their extreme far right agenda. It was this group that unseated former House Speaker Eric Cantor, and forced the most recent former House Speaker, John Boehner, to resign. So, perhaps Dent has the right idea here. He says of his decision: I ve worked to instill stability, certainty and predictability in Washington. I ve fought to fulfill the basic functions of government, like keeping the lights on and preventing default. Regrettably, that has not been easy given the disruptive outside influences that profit from increased polarization and ideological rigidity that leads to dysfunction, disorder and chaos. This, of course, is likely a nod toward those who are directly attacking and threatening Dent and other members of his Tuesday Group caucus. They see no way out when it comes to sustained political attacks by Trump minions and other nationalist types with alarming far right views.Now, as for how this helps us on the left? Den t district is a swing district. If we get our act together and run a good candidate in a good race. Get your act together, Democrats. As the GOP eats their own, these so-called  moderates  who aren t even bothering to run again out of fear of getting primaried by the far right can become Democratic seats. They are in swing districts, not solid red ones. The best way to #RESIST is to make sure we have a Democratic House of Representatives.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"September 8, 2017"
 Don Trump Jr. Testified To The Senate Today And They Don’t Seem To Believe A Word He Said,"Donald Trump, Jr. went before Congress today to give yet another version of his reasons for meeting with a Russian lawyer in June of 2016. While he did actually confirm what he said in the email string he was dumb enough to post to Twitter that he met with Natalia Veselnitskaya because she claimed to have dirt on Hillary he gave a ridiculous reason for it. His reason was that he was trying to determine Hillary s fitness for office, because that s a totally innocent reason that makes it all okay.So that makes it all innocent, especially because he also claimed that he was just so overwhelmed with the campaign due to inexperience, but he did still evidently have the presence of mind to know he should talk to legal counsel about the propriety of the meeting and info, or so his claim goes.Some, however, on the Senate Judiciary Committee don t believe him, it seems. Sen. Chris Coons, who sits on that committee, sent out a memo to  interested parties  about Don the Con Jr. and his testimony today, complete with the statute regarding giving false testimony to Congress. And there s no ambiguity about it   the top of the memo says: Below is a statute to keep in mind in regards to Donald Trump Jr. s testimony today. It quotes the full statute, which states that it s illegal to lie to Congress, and then Coons says: It is important to remember that anyone who testifies in front of a Senate committee is under the restrictions of the False Statements statute that says material false statements to Congress are criminal and punishable with fines or imprisonment or both. Read Coons  full memo below:? After Don Jr. testimony to Senate Judiciary Cmte, Sen. Chris Coons  office sends out statute on giving false statements to Congress pic.twitter.com/OUdKXMBfqm  Andrew Desiderio (@desiderioDC) September 7, 2017The many contradictions in Don Jr. s reasons for meeting with Veselnitskaya clearly raise doubts that his testimony today was the truth. He first claimed, months ago, that he didn t meet with any Russians, and then later claimed that meant he didn t meet with any known Russian officials. Then he claimed that he did meet with a Russian attorney, but it was about adoptions. After that, he said he did meet with her, but it was because he was told she had dirt on Hillary. He said the meeting was a fruitless endeavor.Now he says it s because he wanted to determine her fitness for the presidency, which he seems to think makes it all okay. Coons is right to be skeptical. It would be one thing if the junior Trump s story had never changed, and contradicting information had never come out. But it s impossible to trust the testimony of someone who s changed their story as many times as he has.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",News,"September 7, 2017"
" Vegas Cops Take Cheap Shot At Michael Bennett, Say ‘Hiding’ During Shooting Is Probable Cause","Now that Seahawks star defensive end Michael Bennett s harrowing story of police brutality has gone viral, the cops who arrested him are trying to cover their own asses in a PR-fueled letter to the NFL Commissioner, Roger Goodell. In the letter, Detective Steve Grammas, the president of the Las Vegas Metro Police Protective Association, asks Goodell to open an investigation into Bennett s allegations, and requests that the commissioner  take appropriate action. The irony is rich in seeing a letter asserting that the LVPD isn t racist, even as the first paragraph of it calls out the NFL for  condoning  Bennett s protest during the national anthem, a stance that only racists take.Bennett s protest, along with that of many players around the league, is specifically against police brutality when dealing with unarmed, innocent black  suspects.  To continue to insist that it is somehow disrespecting to  everything the flag symbolizes  is to ignore that the flag symbolizes justice as well.But the truly disgusting part of Grammas  letter is the reason he and the Las Vegas Police attempt to use as justification for having unlawfully detained Bennett in the first place. Grammas actually asserts that hiding behind a slot machine, then running outside during an episode in which shots are being fired is considered probable cause to arrest Bennett for  suspicious behavior. Guess what, geniuses? If Mike Bennett was running from the cops, you all just proved him right to have done so. He clearly has no gun, obviously isn t the only person in the entire casino hiding from the gunfire, and wasn t even remotely the only person running out the doors   Bennett himself said that  hundreds  of people were staging an exodus from the scene.One would think that maybe the guy with the Super Bowl ring on who kind of looks like Michael Bennett and can leap over a four-foot barrier might not be their suspect.It is my most sincere hope that Bennett and his lawyers not only sue the department, but Detective Grammas personally, for being the kind of dumbass who would send a self-contradictory letter like this in a case where he s clearly just trying to fire back at Bennett s allegations.Featured image via Mat Hayward/Getty Images",News,"September 7, 2017"
 BREAKING: Under Trump’s Leadership FEMA Could Run Out Of Money By Tomorrow,"After Hurricane Harvey devastated Houston, Texas, then Irma barreled through the Caribbean on its way to Florida, two Senate Florida Senators are warning that the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will run out of disaster assistance funding on Friday unless Congress approves more money.Republicans in the House had been looking at cutting almost $1 billion from disaster accounts to help finance Donald Trump s ego-wall on the Southern Border and now that a natural disaster occurred with another expected to hit Florida, the optics would look really bad for the GOP and for the former reality show star.Trump s budget includes slashing FEMA s budget:But the response to the next Harvey could face even stricter financial constraints if President Donald Trump gets his budgetary wishes for the 2018 fiscal year, which begins October 1. The president s budget blueprint calls for FEMA s budget for state and local grants to be cut by $667 million, saying that these grants are unauthorized or ineffective.However, after Hurricane Harvey unleashed its wrath with more storms coming, Senate Republicans agreed to more than double funding to $15.25 billion to FEMA and local block grants to handle natural disasters, according to Reuters. FEMA is stretched, and, of all things, FEMA runs out of money unless we act by tomorrow,  Democrat Senator Bill Nelson said during a speech on Thursday following a letter he wrote with Florida Republican Senator Marco Rubio to congressional leaders warning that more funds were necessary.FEMA had just over $1 billion on hand as of Tuesday, and that s less than half the $2.1 billion it had last week. We re not going to let money get in the way of saving lives,  FEMA director Brock Long told CBS on Wednesday.  Congress knows what they need to do. A Senate vote is planned later on today.On Wednesday, the House voted 419-3 to pass a $7.85 billion package to help victims of Hurricane Harvey.Reps. Justin Amash (Mich.), Thomas Massie (Ky.) and Andy Biggs (Ariz.) were the only lawmakers to oppose the aid.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.",News,"September 7, 2017"
 Trump Just Accidentally Admitted Climate Change Is Real (VIDEO),"Somebody must have put some truth serum in Little Donnie s Cheerios this morning, because first thing this morning, he tweeted something that was actually nice about a federal agency that his Republican cohorts love to denigrate   FEMA:Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 7, 2017He didn t stop there. During a joint press conference at the White House with the Emir of the State of Kuwait, Amir al-Sabah on Thursday, Trump was asked if he thought FEMA was being  spread too thin  with all of the crazy weather events happening right now. Not only did he acknowledge how well FEMA was handling both Hurricane Harvey and the impending storms that have yet to come aground, but he noted that the media was actually doing their job and reporting non-fake news! Well FEMA is doing an incredible job, as you all know. I mean, you ve been reporting it. You ve seen how incredible they are. And there s a great bravery to what they re doing. Like I said, something is off when Captain Congratulations has any praise for someone other than himself.But then Trump said something that sounded distinctly like he was acknowledging the existence of climate change: We ve never had a thing like this where you get hit with Harvey, which was about as bad as it gets, certainly from the standpoint of a water dump, and then you get hit with Irma, and there s one right behind Irma. I guess you probably know, but a smaller one, but nevertheless right behind. Now, not to detract from any concessions Donald Trump might be making to science, but I think he might be forgetting Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. No matter, we ll take Trump agreeing with basic facts wherever we can get it.Watch the clip from the joint press conference here:President Trump: ""Certainly we're being hit with a lot of hurricanes. We've never had a thing like this "" https://t.co/xrDzAiaLuv  NBC News (@NBCNews) September 7, 2017Featured image via Chris Kleponis (Pool)/Getty Images",News,"September 7, 2017"
 Trump Tells DACA Recipients Not To Worry And Gets Thrashed By The Internet,"Just days after rescinding an Obama policy giving children of undocumented immigrants a path a citizenship, Donald Trump had the gall to tell those children to not worry.The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policy resulted in over 800,000 applications   that s how many people face deportation to countries they know nothing about after Trump s delay of six months ends without any action from Congress to keep the program alive.Indeed, none of these individuals are responsible for the actions of their parents. They were powerless to say or do anything when they were brought to the United States. To most of them, America is the only home they have ever known. Deporting them would be cruel and unusual punishment.Six months is not a very long time to wait. And Congress, especially one controlled by anti-immigrant Republicans, does not give these 800,000 people much hope that something will actually get done to spare them from the pain of being forcibly separated from family, friends, and the lives they have built.On Thursday morning, Trump made things worse by telling DACA recipients that they  have nothing to worry about  even though it is very clear that they have everything to worry about right no.For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about   No action!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 7, 2017Trump s message to these 800,000 people lacked any trace of empathy and ignored the fact that they only have six months before Trump s immigration squads come knocking on their doors or kicking them down to drag them away from the only home they have ever known.Twitter users had absolutely no problem trashing Trump s heartlessness.And then what about after 6 months? Will you kick them out of America without any notice?  Ed Krassenstein (@EdKrassen) September 7, 2017It s not the Next 6 MONTHS they are worried about  It s the REST OF THEIR LIVES!!  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) September 7, 2017Imagine if Ivanka Came here at 2 years old from Russia. Imagine forcing her to move back to Russia w/out knowing the language or the country  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) September 7, 2017Obama was clear: that kids brought here by their parents should get a chance to earn their citizenship. That s the American spirit.  Anirvan Ghosh (@anirvanghosh) September 7, 2017Ummm and what about after 6 months? What s the point of creating an arbitrary deadline to mess with people s heads?  Greg Shugar (@GregShugar) September 7, 2017but after that 6 month period .you re screwed  Mike Zoller (@mikezoller) September 7, 2017That s like telling someone who has six months to live that they have nothing to worry about for six months.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) September 7, 2017Basically, all their plans for their futures being held hostage. All their accomplishments thus far null and void.  James (@JaySaysStuff) September 7, 2017Essentially Go on living your life, career, education, etc knowing full well it could come to an abrupt end in 6 months.  James (@JaySaysStuff) September 7, 2017And it s not just DACA recipients who are affected by Trump s decision. Everyone in this country would be affected because the economic consequences would be staggering. The economy stands to lose $400 billion if Trump goes through with the deportation of 800,000 people six months from now.So, it s not just DACA recipients who should be worried. Every American should be worried because Trump s hateful decision is going to hit all of us in the wallet.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 7, 2017"
" CNN And MSNBC Destroy Trump, Black Out His Fact-Free Tax Reform Speech (TWEET)","Donald Trump practically does something to criticize the media as being  fake news  on an almost daily basis, but two major news networks have just turned the tables and put him on blast in a major way.The White House is currently up in arms over a recent decision by CNN and MSNBC, who decided not to air Trump s insanely dishonest North Dakota speech from earlier today. Trump was supposed to address tax reform in his speech, but there was a major problem with what he was saying   not a word of it was true. In response to this fact-free speech, CNN and MSNBC decided that it was irresponsible to air the speech and decided to spare Americans the misinformation and nonsense.Once the Trump administration found out about this move by the press, the White House practically threw a hissy fit. Special Assistant to the President and Assistant White House Communications Director Steven Chueng tweeted:Instead of insulting their viewers with Trump s lies, MSNBC s Nicole Wallace reported on important, truthful topics such as DACA and Russia. CNN s Jake Tapper focused on Hurricane Irma, Russia, and the debt ceiling while Trump spewed his usual nonsense.This was a major f*ck you to the Trump administration and sends a strong message that the dishonest narrative that his administration continues to put out to the American people will not be tolerated. While people aren t likely going to react so strongly to a topic as dry as tax reform, having two major networks refusing to air his speech is a big deal. Trump desperately wants and needs that coverage, and is obviously pissed that all eyes were not on him. If more cable news networks break from Trump, his already failing presidency will be in even more danger.Featured image is a screenshot",News,"September 7, 2017"
 Trump Tells The Dakotas: I Will Make The Drought ‘Go Away’,"Amateur president Donald Trump told the drought-stricken Dakotas that he can make the drought  go away  and told attendees during a tax reform speech that they are  better off  than cities flooded by Hurricane Harvey. I know you have a little bit of a drought. They had the opposite, believe me,  Trump said during his speech in Mandan, North Dakota. You re better off. You are better off, they had the absolute opposite,  the climate change denier said.Trump continued to say that he was surprised that droughts could happen  this far north. We re doing everything we can but you have a very serious drought,  he said.  I just said to the governor, I didn t know you had droughts this far north. Guess what: you have them. We re working hard on it, and it will disappear, it will all go away,  he said.According to a federal drought monitor report which was issued last week, it said there were  long-term precipitation deficits  in parts of the Dakotas, Nebraska and Montana, where 41 percent of the state s pasture and range conditions are rated  very poor,  The Hill reports.Trump said his Agriculture Department has been working closely with states in the region to alleviate the impact of the drought on farmers and ranchers. We will always stand strong with our farmers and our ranchers, the backbone of America, that I can tell you 100 percent,  he added.Trump nominated an Oklahoma politician who is a climate change skeptic to run NASA   an agency which monitors man-made climate change. The former reality show star, a purveyor of fake news, once tweeted that  the concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. During the presidential debates, Trump walked it back and said he was  joking  but now that Houston is underwater and Hurricane Irma is pummeling Puerto Rico on its way to Florida and the Dakotas are in the midst of a drought, we re wondering how funny that joke is because it certainly garnered a lot of likes and retweets from his fans.Maybe Trump plans to call Michele Bachmann so she can pray the drought away. Now there s a novel idea.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.",News,"September 7, 2017"
 Facebook Just Confirmed Russia Spent At Least $100k On Ads To Influence Election,"Earlier today, Facebook representatives told Congress something that should shake every American to their core: A shady Russian company bought thousands of dollars worth of ads specifically targeting American voters. $100,000, to be exact. In other words, Russian actors actively sought to influence the outcome of our election.Facebook has traced the ads back to what they re calling a  Russian troll farm,  which is known to spread propaganda friendly to the Kremlin. Some mentioned both Trump and Hillary by name, while most merely worked to stoke fears about gun rights, immigration, and other issues   the same fears that Trump himself stoked during his campaign.With all the brouhaha surrounding  fake news,  and the question of how big a role social media played in the dissemination of fake news that may have unduly influenced our electoral outcome, this is a massive revelation indeed.NBC News posted Facebook s official statement on the matter to their Twitter account. It reads, in part: We have found approximately $100,000 in ad spending from June of 2015 to May of 2017 associated with roughly 3,000 ads that was connected to about 470 inauthentic accounts and Pages in violation of our policies. Our analysis suggests these accounts and Pages were affiliated with one another and likely operated out of Russia. Read their full statement below:Facebook statement: 470 inauthentic accounts  likely operated out of Russia  bought roughly $100,000 in ads between June 2015 and May 2017 pic.twitter.com/XZqvUKB0gG  NBC News (@NBCNews) September 6, 2017How utterly convenient that these ads started popping up right as Trump formally announced his candidacy. This was even before the primary season really got underway, and the GOP field was crowded. At that point, we weren t going to know for months who the GOP candidate would be. Yet, when combined with all the other evidence against Trump and his campaign, such as meetings between Don Jr. and a Russian lawyer, the Trumps  financial connections in Russia, and more, the dark picture of Russian meddling starts becoming a little clearer.Here s the thing: While the amount these Russians spent is just a tiny fraction of overall spending during the campaign cycle, and most of the ads didn t actually reference our election, the targeting was more specific than it ought to have been. That brings up questions about whether these Russian operators had help from within the U.S. when it came to targeting their ads.If they did indeed have help from inside our borders, where did the help come from? Russians already here? Or people close to some of the candidates (like, oh, say, Donald Trump and his family)? Facebook can t determine that, but hopefully investigators will be able to uncover some information about it soon.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",News,"September 7, 2017"
 Trump Humiliated As DACA Decision Practically Kills His Presidency (DETAILS),"As we saw with his Muslim travel ban as well as his attempt to repeal and replace Obamacare, every time Donald Trump puts forth one of his disastrous ideas, it blows up in his face and delivers a devastating blow to his already failing presidency.Each time Trump introduces an unpopular policy or idea, his already historically low approval rating takes another nosedive. This week, Trump only managed to make things worse for himself when he decided to end former President Obama s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (DACA) program. Here s the problem   most Americans disagree with him.According to a recent survey from Morning Consult/Politico, almost 80% (76% to be exact) of Americans do not believe that Dreamers (the undocumented immigrants that were brought into the United States illegally as kids) should be forced to return to their countries. The majority of Americans are far more humane than Trump, and believe that these immigrants should have the opportunity to become citizens, as most have been productive members and have contributed greatly to American society.Trump is especially in trouble because his decision to end DACA only offers more proof that he is a racist a**hole. As MSNBC s Joy Reid perfectly pointed out, there is  no economic, national security or social cohesion rationale  for ending DACA: Trump might say that he has  great love  for the immigrants that are living in America, but his decision proves the exact opposite. Trump wants to strip Dreamers of the lives and progress they have made for themselves in this country and force them to return to countries they are unfamiliar with, where they will have nothing.With this decision, Trump is not only screwing himself over by killing his presidency, but he is also basically putting the GOP in great danger in future elections by excluding one of the fastest-growing voting demographics. Trump is sinking the Republican Party   and his presidency   at record speed.Featured image via video screen capture ",News,"September 6, 2017"
 Seahawks Star Has Even MORE To Protest Before Games After Police Brutality In Vegas,"One of the most feared defensive ends in football, Michael Bennett of the Seattle Seahawks, posted an account on Twitter Wednesday of his own story of police brutality, and it happened less than three weeks ago.Bennett was in Las Vegas the day after his team bested the Kansas City Chiefs in a preseason matchup. Before that game, as Bennett has the entire preseason, he sat during the national anthem in protest against police brutality nationwide. Number 72 has been an outspoken activist for years, but this year he has elected to actually join other players in protest of the treatment of people of color at the hands of police.As he did previous 2 weeks, Michael Bennett sits during national anthem. As last week, teammate Justin Britt stands at his side. #Seahawks pic.twitter.com/5ko7KG4jT2  Gregg Bell (@gbellseattle) August 26, 2017Ironic doesn t begin to cover what happened to him the very next day. With a statement far too large to fit into even a series of tweets, Bennett posted his account of what happened after the much-hyped fight between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor in Las Vegas on August 26th:To be clear, Michael Bennett is a very big man. At six-foot-four and 275 pounds of pure muscle, Bennett wears a smaller version of standard NFL shoulder pads so they don t get in his way as he crushes his opponents on the field. But this beast of a man, compliant in every way, finally encountered something that made him fear for his life: The police.Any Seahawks fan   and I am one of the biggest   will tell you that Michael Bennett is the last person that would ever be a suspect in any kind of violent crime. If he seems like a monster when he gears up, it is in polar opposite to his life off the field. He lives in Hawaii with his wife and three young daughters. His brother Martellus, a tight end for the Packers, writes children s books. Michael collaborates with his brother s business, The Imagination Agency. He is a happy man.But today he is not happy. If NFL fans thought they were going to get players to stop protesting during the national anthem by complaining about their patriotism, they should seek out Michael Bennett and ask him how much he loves this country. Bennett is a proud American, standing up against the police brutality that has claimed so many young black lives, and almost claimed his own.Featured image via Elsa (Staff)/Getty Images",News,"September 6, 2017"
" Airlines Immune From Price Gouging Laws In Florida, Royally Screwing Evacuees","Imagine you just heard on the news that  the strongest storm ever observed in the Atlantic  was headed your way, and soon. You would, like anyone concerned for themselves and their family, want to get out as soon as possible. And the quickest way to evacuate from anywhere is the fastest method of travel on earth: Air. But you hit a small snag. You don t have the goddamn fortune that the airlines are now charging for flights that were less than half as much the day before. That has to be against the law, right?Wrong. In Florida, where Hurricane Irma is bearing down like a banshee, there are price-gouging laws like there are in every state. But airlines don t answer to specific states. They re regulated by the FAA and the Department of Transportation, which means no state or local statutes apply to them.So when Lisette Diaz tried to book a flight to get her family out of South Florida, she found that flights from the area   during what is normally a lull in the travel season in Florida   had skyrocketed from a few hundred dollars to over $3,000. Trying to get to New York, she finally settled on tickets out of Fort Lauderdale that cost upwards of $1,300 per traveler. According to the Miami Herald, there were four people traveling with her, including her mother, grandmother, adult cousin, and 11-year-old sister. $6,600 later, she had her tickets.Diaz was far from the only person to run into price gouging. Florida s Attorney General Pam Bondi activated the state s price-gouging hotline for travelers to report these egregious acts.The Herald reported that Antonio Mercurius actually got his tickets from Miami to D.C. on Monday, before the pricing spikes. Out of curiosity, he checked the price of the same ticket the next day and found it had gone up more than 800% per ticket. Said Mercurius,I understand supply and demand but the laws of capitalism should not operate in the times of catastrophic danger. What happens to the people that can t afford flights now?People trying to evacuate responsibly before the storm vented their frustration on Twitter:@AmericanAir really charging $2000 for a flight from Miami to DC. Scum I tell you.  The Last DJ Bender! (@djpushplay21) September 5, 2017Searching for flight tickets for my sister, grandma and cousin and they are over 1k from Miami   New York!  Tu Deseo ?  (@Lissette24twiny) September 5, 2017Totally unacceptable, a $358 flight from Miami to NYC went up to $3578. Why should expect anything decent from these airlines??? F ing RATS! https://t.co/rjdH6J0yOL  Joseph Pep Nodarse (@joerileyhudson) September 6, 2017Looking for flights for the last hour-plus was one of the most stressful experiences I've had in quite a while. Finally got one.  Alex Schwartz (@AlexJSchwartz) September 5, 2017Leave it to the industry that brought you fees for everything from blankets and pillows to a simple name change on a ticket to really kick evacuees while they re down. While we watch storms like Harvey and Irma bring out the best in neighbors and charities, the airline industry quietly profits for our misery.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",News,"September 6, 2017"
" Florida Sheriff Exploits Desperate Hurricane Victims, Will Arrest Anyone With A Warrant Seeking Shelter","Ever since Donald Trump s rise, some of the most heartless people in positions of power have come out of the woodwork   likely because they are emboldened by Trump s being a heartless bastard from the bully pulpit of the White House. Case in point   Sheriff Grady Judd of Florida s Polk County.Of course, Florida is right in the middle of the path of the Category 5 beast known as Hurricane Irma. Therefore, there will be people in need of shelter and safety from the storm. However, instead of trying to help people stay alive during Irma, Sheriff Judd has reminded them that if they have any warrants out and they seek shelter, they will be arrested and taken to jail.  Hell, they even suggest that to make it easier, you should just turn yourself in to the jail instead! This was, of course, announced via Twitter:Here is a screenshot of the relevant tweets, via CNN s Twitter:Of course, this is incredibly dangerous. This man should be doing everything he can to protect the residents of the county he is sworn to serve and protect, not threatening them with jail time for seeking shelter from what could clearly be a very deadly storm. It s like this Sheriff wants people to be afraid to seek help, and ultimately wind up dying in a deadly hurricane. His actions are complete dereliction of duty, and he should be relieved of said duties.Of course, we all know that won t happen. What is more likely to happen is that more deaths occur than otherwise would have because people are too afraid to come forward for help.Featured image via CNN Twitter",News,"September 6, 2017"
" Senate Says ENOUGH Of Trump’s Racism, Will Force Him To Go On Legal Record Condemning White Supremacists","Most of the nation and world watched in horror just a couple of weeks ago as white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members, and other various white power groups descended on Charlottesville, Virginia. Their violent, hateful rally eventually resulted in the death of a brave counter protester, 32-year-old Heather Heyer.As if that weren t bad enough, Donald Trump s response to this racist violence made the situation that had already turned the nation into a tinder box even worse. Instead of condemning white supremacy as any sane, non-bigoted person would, Trump instead made an equivocation between the vile white supremacists and the people there protesting their hate. Only when he was forced to do so did he condemn the violent hate groups by name. However, Trump, being the arrogant, bigoted jackass that he is, could not let that carefully scripted statement stand. In a freewheeling press conference for the ages, Trump ranted for more than half an hour about how the other side was just as bad as the white supremacists. Well, now, it seems that members of the United States Senate are sick of Trump s bigotry and pandering to white supremacists, and they plan to force his hand on the issue.Politico is reporting that a bipartisan group of Senators   Tim Kaine (D-VA), Mark Warner (D-VA), Lisa Murkowski (R-AK), and Cory Gardner (R-CO)- have drawn up a resolution that will have Trump make a legal statement against what happened in Charlottesville. That isn t all it does, though. It also forces Trump, once and for all and on the record, to commit to  rejecting white nationalists, white supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis and other hate groups. This is an extraordinary move, considering that resolutions are usually just symbolic in nature and not controversial at all. Generally, they just recognize honorary holidays for people of note and things like that. However, this resolution   dubbed the Charlottesville Resolution   will force Trump to, once and for all, stop winking and nodding at these vile hate groups. Senator Mark Warner said: Let there be no mistake: what happened in Charlottesville was an act of domestic terrorism perpetrated by a white supremacist, one that tragically cut short the life of a young woman, Heather Heyer, who was speaking out against hatred and bigotry. We will be pressing our colleagues to swiftly and unanimously approve this resolution in order to send a strong message that the United States Congress unconditionally condemns racist speech and violence. Senator Tim Kaine said in a statement of his own: During the violent white supremacist demonstrations in Charlottesville last month, our country lost three brave Virginians in Heather Heyer and Virginia State Police officers, Lieutenant Jay Cullen and Trooper Pilot Berke Bates. This resolution honors their lives while supporting the Charlottesville community as it heals and rightfully calls on us all, including President Trump, to do better as we combat acts of hate. The beautiful thing about this is that every single Senator will have to vote in favor of it, lest they be labeled a Nazi sympathizer for the rest of their political careers. While Teflon Don gets away with being an open racist, it has been shown time and time again that these other politicians do not have cults of personality of their own and will not be so fortunate should they attempt the same sort of behavior.To that end, Trump will have no choice but to sign this Charlottesville Resolution, and it will be in the presidential records as long as this republic exists.Featured image via Zach Gibson   Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 6, 2017"
 Trump Brags About Hurricane Size As Florida Braces For Disaster,"Donald Trump is apparently thrilled that Hurricane Irma will be the biggest storm to ever hit the United States.Only weeks after Hurricane Harvey left a swath of devastation and death in Texas, Florida is bracing for an even deadlier and more destructive storm.People will die. Businesses and homes will be wiped off the map. Suffering and homelessness will be the reality in Florida. But Trump is too busy bragging about the size of the hurricane to actually care about the people who are in the path of the storm.In yet another Twitter rant on Wednesday morning, Trump proclaimed that his team is already in Florida preparing for the storm after bragging about what a  good job  they have done in Texas.Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2017In fact, Trump s response to Hurricane Harvey was to brag about the size of that storm, and he ended an Obama-era flood policy as Houston drowned. Trump has also proposed massive cuts to FEMA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, which predicts and tracks hurricanes.It should also be noted that Trump inherited a FEMA that took the lessons of Hurricane Katrina seriously in preparation for future storms. So, Trump and his team did nothing special.But what Trump did next on Twitter shows just how little empathy and compassion he has for the people in the path of Hurricane Irma.Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2017Yeah, you read that right. Trump literally bragged about the size of this hurricane as if it s something to be proud of. This coming from a man who denies the very climate change that is causing bigger and more destructive hurricanes to form.As Floridians prepare for disaster, they must be wondering why Trump is so excited about watching them get slammed by the largest hurricane to ever strike the United States. If anything, Trump should be concerned about the coming destruction and death instead of bragging like he s about to win a prize.Featured Image: Jim Lo Scalzo   Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 6, 2017"
" AG Sessions Persuaded Trump To End DACA, Then Race-Baited His Way Through The Speech That Killed It","It s certainly no secret that Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, a man named after both the president of the Confederacy and the guy who actually started the Civil War, is an unholy racist. Like, he s so racist that the wife of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., actually delivered a letter to Congress pleading with them not to confirm him as a U.S. attorney 31 years ago.So it s no surprise to find out that Sessions was the driving force behind convincing Donald Trump to end DACA, the temporary deferment program for undocumented immigrants that protects them from deportation if they came here as children. Sessions sees no difference between an  illegal alien  who steals a car and one who may sit next to one of his 10 grandchildren in school one day.So imbued with the essence of Jeff Sessions was the Trump decision to boot nearly a million kids out of the country in less than a year s time that it was the AG himself who delivered the speech announcing it. And it was during that speech on Tuesday that the former senator from Alabama revealed the truth behind the decision to end DACA: That despite the fact that even many Republicans favor the basic protections that DACA affords, it is racism that serves as the foundation for undoing it. From the speech: The effect of this unilateral executive amnesty, among other things, contributed to a surge of unaccompanied minors on the southern border that yielded terrible humanitarian consequences. It also denied jobs to hundreds of thousands of Americans by allowing those same jobs to go to illegal aliens. This is a direct appeal to the racist tendencies of the Americans who put Donald Trump in office.Number one, the  surge of unaccompanied minors  that Sessions refers to began well before DACA was implemented. To suggest otherwise is a dog whistle to right-wing voters. A BBC report from 2012 showed that the number of unaccompanied minors who were apprehended near the border increased from October 2011 to March 2012 by 93% over the same period in the previous year. DACA was not implemented until June of 2012. Besides that, any who came after DACA was announced wouldn t have qualified in the first place. You had to have been in the United States at the time of implementation to benefit from the executive order.Number two, Sessions brings up the myth of the job-stealing immigrant. The theory, again an appeal to racists, is ridiculous from the start. Immigrants don t even look for the same jobs as native citizens. There is no evidence to support the claim that DACA has had any effect on jobs   other than as a boost to our economy. In fact, with the job losses that will come as DACA expires   something to the tune of 30,000 workers a month   employers stand to lose billions in training new employees, and the federal government will lose tens of billions in lost revenue and GDP.But those facts don t jibe with the Sessions narrative.Don t let the mini-quarrel that Trump and Sessions got into earlier this year fool you. They both have a racist agenda, and this is the first major step in implementing it.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 5, 2017"
 Putin Breaks Up With Trump In HUMILIATING Public Split: He Is ‘Not My Bride’,"Ever since Donald Trump rode down the escalator at Trump Tower and announced his disgraceful bid for the White House, people have been making jokes about his alleged love affair with Russian autocrat Vladimir Putin. This is more than fair; after all, Putin is the ONE person Trump refuses to criticize. The orange one has viciously attacked everyone from the cast of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton, to Congresspeople and Senators in both his own party and the opposing party, too many celebrities to mention, cable news hosts, and just about anyone else you could think of. But not Vladimir Putin, not ever. The only close second is Trump s bizarre coddling of white supremacists and Nazis.Therefore, it must be the ultimate humiliation to have Putin do the unthinkable to Trump in a VERY public way: and say, and I quote, that,  is not my bride.  According to the New York Times, the Russian dictator seems to be tiring of Trump s chaos. At this point, Putin has spent a lot of political capital on the world stage helping get Trump elected, and yet Trump has failed to deliver sanctions relief, a better U.S.-Russia relationship, or anything else to the brutal dictator. Putin reportedly said of Trump: [He is] not my bride, and I am not his groom. Of course, Trump wants to be seen as a man s man, so to be emasculated by being referred to in the feminine by the man whose bitch everyone has accused him of being is really rubbing salt in that wound. Apparently, Putin made the remarks when being asked about what he thought of the idea that Trump might be removed from office forcibly before his four-year term is completed. Of course, no matter how humiliating this is for Trump, there will be no retaliation. He can t strike out at Putin; after all, this is the one man on the face of the planet who likely has the MAJOR goods on Trump.Now, if only Putin would grow tired of this game and release the most damning information ever and help us end this embarrassing American nightmare.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",News,"September 5, 2017"
 Pastor Who Prayed At Trump’s Inauguration Takes DACA Decision To The Woodshed,"Donald Trump s decision to punish 800,000 young people who came to the U.S. as children, and subject them to deportation, isn t going down well. It s almost as if he didn t think before he decided to end the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, also known as DACA.Even a reverend who offered one of the prayers at Donald Trump s inauguration called on Tuesday for Congress to act in the wake of the former reality show star s decision to end the DACA program. Hundreds of thousands of Hispanic young people will be overcome with fear and grief today,  the Rev. Samuel Rodriguez, president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference, said in a statement, according to The Hill. Simultaneously, a multi-ethnic coalition of tens-of-millions of law-abiding, U.S. citizens will begin to put unrelenting pressure on members of Congress to provide a permanent solution for DREAMers, whose fate is in question by no fault of their own,  he continued, referring to recipients of DACA.Rodriguez blasted politicians in the statement, saying that Hispanic people in this country have been the  political bargaining chips of our powerful politicians  for far too long. This is an affront to the sanctity of life, it is inhumane, and the Hispanic community will stand for it no longer,  he said.Rodriguez then targeted Congress, saying lawmakers expressed concern for the country s Hispanic community but  have chosen to do nothing. We will not distinguish between Republicans and Democrats but between those who stand for righteousness and justice and those who do not,  he added.Statement from Rev. Samuel Rodriguez, who prayed at Trump's inauguration: pic.twitter.com/HgXwAoPMTZ  Betsy Woodruff (@woodruffbets) September 5, 2017Trump, too cowardly to announce his decision to end DACA, had Attorney General Jeff Sessions (R-Racist) do his dirty work for him on Tuesday.Watch Rodriguez s prayer at Trump s inauguration:After the decision was announced, Trump tweeted,  I look forward to working w/ D s + R s [SIC] in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st. Good luck on getting Democrats (or Democrat s, as he put it) to work with you, Mr. Trump, after creating another hot mess.  We need to hear from more Christians, especially the  pro-life  ones, on Trump s decision to kick 800,000 young, hardworking, taxpaying people out of the country.Image via screen capture. ",News,"September 5, 2017"
 Obama Pens STUNNING Response To Trump’s Cold-Blooded Move On DACA – Trump Fans Should Be Ashamed,"Trump is working his tail off to undo absolutely everything President Obama ever did, because the black man who once occupied the White House apparently hated all of America and everyone in it far more than His Royal Orangeness, and that includes ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. That program protects undocumented immigrants from deportation if they were brought into the country as children.That was one of Obama s more controversial executive orders, with Republicans all up and down the line calling it a gross overreach of executive power. But Trump s plan is more insidious than a belief that he s righting the wrongs of the previous administration. He promised to remove 11 million undocumented immigrants from the country, who (in his mind) are here because Obama and the Democrats favor open borders, and by golly, he s going to accomplish that even if it hurts innocent people.Like those protected by DACA.So Obama wrote an absolutely beautiful response to Trump s cold-blooded fuckery on Facebook, naming every single thing wrong with Trump s move, including that it is politically motivated and morally questionable. He also pointed out what should be obvious, but apparently isn t, to anyone who believes the GOP s lies: Kicking [these immigrants] out won t lower the unemployment rate, or lighten anyone s taxes, or raise anybody s wages. For eons, the GOP has been sending the message that undocumented immigrants are just one huge burden on us that we can t sustain. White, working-class Americans took that to mean that undocumented immigrants are one of the main reasons they re losing their jobs and can t make any headway in this economy.It s a matter of basic decency, according to Obama. He knows as well as the rest of us that Trump has no decency to him, because if he did, he wouldn t do this, let alone shirk his own responsibility for it by shifting it over to Congress: Ultimately, this is about basic decency. This is about whether we are a people who kick hopeful young strivers out of America, or whether we treat them the way we d want our own kids to be treated. It s about who we are as a people   and who we want to be. The ending of it is a subtle jab at those who claim strict adherence to the Constitution s letters, but not its spirit, like all those allegedly  Constitutional  Republicans and conservatives who blasted Obama over DACA, and now stand with the Racist-in-Chief on this. Read his full post below:Featured image via Alexander Scheuber/Getty Images",News,"September 5, 2017"
 Trump Staffers Admit Their Boss Has No Idea What DACA Is,"Donald Trump sent a racist elf to make the announcement that his administration is going to punish 800,000 young people, who came to the U.S. as children, and subject them to deportation in an act that Attorney General Jeff Sessions called  compassionate. The Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, also known as DACA, is being terminated by a man who doesn t know what the program is, according to Trump s own administration officials, who said he doesn t fully comprehend what the move to eliminate DACA would mean.According to the New York Times, it was just an hour before the announcement that Trump administration officials privately expressed concern that the former reality show star might not fully grasp the details of the steps he was about to take, and when he discovered their full impact, would change his mind.Trump did not have the courage to face the nation and make the announcement himself and left Sessions to do his dirty work.The perpetrators behind pushing Trump to eliminate the program include Stephen Miller   the amateur president s chief domestic policy aide   who wrote the Trump campaign s immigration plan promising the termination of DACA, and has played a pivotal role inside the White House in pushing Trump to roll back the provision, according to Politico.Steve Bannon and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the latter of which just made the announcement, have also been against the program, even though ending it would hurt the economy.Trump, without even comprehending how upending the program would affect the economy as well as tear families apart, allowed three extremists to call the shots instead of trying to unify the country while it was just besieged by one deadly hurricane   and another category 5 storm is on its way.Bannon and Sessions both believe that Trump s rise is credited to his stance on immigration, however, the former reality show star told DREAMers recently to  rest easy  because his administration would not kick them out of the country. Just a few days ago, Trump said,  We love the DREAMers! Photo by Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 5, 2017"
 South Dakota Republican Rigs Upcoming Election For Herself By Personally Purging Democratic Voters,"This is a clear case of election-rigging.South Dakota Secretary of State Shantel Krebs is running for Congress in 2018. But rather than win the votes of the people fair and square, Krebs is using her current position to stack the odds in her favor.The Dakota Free Press pointed out that Krebs has purged thousands of voters from the rolls in the last threes months.The September 1, 2017, South Dakota voter registration tally shows 11,762 voters 2.14% of the August 1 total removed from Active status and 11,450 newly Inactive voters. This one-month purge restocks the Inactive pool, which the Secretary of State has whittled down over the last 18 months from a March 2016 peak of 54,708 to an August 2017 low of 30,619. Inactives now total 42,069 Thus, in three months, the Secretary of State managed to scrub 3.06% of the names on the voter rolls.Considering how close elections can be in this country, three percent is a big deal and could easily be enough to guarantee a victory for Krebs in November 2018.In fact, Democratic voters were targeted most by Krebs, which makes it all the more clear that she is rigging the election to help herself. In all, 2.63 percent of Democratic voters were purged from the rolls. If Democratic voters are kept from voting, her opponent doesn t stand a chance against her.And that s probably the whole point.This is voter suppression in its ugliest form. No candidate for office should have unfettered access to the voter rolls. As Secretary of State, Krebs is supposed to make sure elections are fair. But because she is going to be a congressional candidate in 2018, it appears she has thrown fairness out the window because winning is more important to her. When she pulls up the list of voters whom the state hasn t heard from for a while, it wouldn t be hard to sort that list by party and start with the Democrats first,  the Dakota Free Press noted.That means Krebs has a conflict of interest and she should be forced to resign.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",News,"September 5, 2017"
 Trump’s Own Diversity Council Member Fact-Checks Him On DACA: ‘He’s A Liar’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s team is turning against him at record speed, and he s just been sent a strong message by a member of his own diversity council.Recently, Trump announced that he is going to get rid of the DACA program, marking his latest attack on immigrants. While much of America is furious over this, it seems like Trump has pissed off even his own team. Javier Palomarez, president of the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and diversity council member to Trump, just destroyed Trump for recently claiming that he  loved  the 800,000+ people in the program. Palomarez pretty much tore Trump apart on CNN as he told Jim Acosta: If he gets rid of DACA, he s showing that he s a liar. He has said to this country that he is going to try to protect the people in the DACA program, that he was focused on getting rid of criminals. Palomarez made sure to point out the positives of DACA recipients, which includes high graduation and employment rates   far from the  drug dealers  and  rapists  labels that Trump had made up for immigrants during his 2016 presidential campaign. Palomarez even stated that he was so disgusted with Trump s announcement that he is considering resigning from Trump s diversity council. He said: I m gonna work right up until the bloody end to try to convince this president to do the right thing by these 800,000 Dreamers who reside in this country. Trump s policies and plans are disgusting even members of his own team. So far, any of Trump s staff have resigned over his inhumane ideas, and there aren t any signs of this pattern slowing down. Trump is a nightmare for any administration members that give a damn about human rights, and it s clear that many members are struggling with the lack of morale. You can watch the interview below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",News,"September 5, 2017"
 Mother Of DACA Recipient Who Died Rescuing Flood Victims Refused Entry Into U.S. To Bury Her Son,"Donald Trump is set to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, also known as DACA, an Obama-era policy. It s a real d*ck move that is so appalling even Republicans are calling him out on it. Approximately 800,000 young people will be subject to immediate deportation, and that would have included Alonso Guillen, a 31-year-old disc jockey from Lufkin, Texas who gave his life while trying to rescue others in the state in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.On Wednesday, Guillen disappeared along with two of his friends after their boat hit the bridge over the creek and capsized, the Houston Chronicle reports.One of his friends clung to a tree and was eventually rescued but days later, Guillen and Tomas Carreon Jr. were still missing. Carreon s body was found floating down the creek on Friday.On Sunday, Guillen s body was found as it floated past a sandy berm. A relative quickly dove in and pulled his body to the shoulder of the creek. Soon after, a boat took him to shore.The Houston Chronicle reports:Guillen s father, Jesus Guillen, said he d asked his son not to try and rescue people in the storm, but he insisted, saying he wanted to help people. He cried and prayed on Sunday afternoon as they pulled his son s body from the water. Thank you, God,  he said,  for the time I had with him. Trump would have had Mr. Guillen deported and now Border agents are refusing to let his mother into the U.S. in order to bury her son.Guillen was a recipient of the DACA program and his father is here legally but his mother, Rita Ruiz de Guillen, 62, is still in the application process for legal status.Mrs. Guillen said from her home in Rita Ruiz, Mexico, across the border from Eagle Pass, that she s asking God for strength. I ve lost a great son, you have no idea,  she said while weeping softly on the other end of the phone.  I m asking God to give me strength. She explained that she had hoped that U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials would take pity and grant her a humanitarian visa so that she could go to Houston and bury her son, but she was turned back at the border. When we are with God, there are no borders,  she said.  Man made borders on this earth. To a man like Donald Trump, Alonso Guillen is one  bad hombre.  To anyone with a heart, he died a hero.Featured image via Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",News,"September 4, 2017"
" WATCH: CNN Majorly F*cks Up, Has White Supremacist Weigh In On DACA Panel","Donald Trump is the first authoritarian president we have ever had. Of course, one of the hallmarks of autocrats is that they destabilize trust in the free press and eventually attempt to squash the Fourth Estate altogether. Trump has done a remarkable job of implementing this dangerous autocratic strategy with his base. Therefore, it is absolutely vital that news outlets make sure that everything they do is on the up and up. This is especially true of outlets that are favorite targets of Trump s such as CNN.Unfortunately, it seems that CNN is dropping the ball there in a major way. Case in point   they had a white supremacist sit on a nationally televised panel about the debate over whether or not the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program   otherwise known as DACA   should be rescinded by the Trump Administration.On Monday s edition of its early show, CNN had a panel discussion regarding the program that protects hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants who were brought here through no fault of their own by their parents and know no other home. On the panel were Democratic strategist Maria Cordona, and Dan Stein of the Foundation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR). However, there was one particularly disturbing detail that CNN left out of Stein s introduction: That his organization has a long history of trafficking in white supremacy. Luckily for the sake of public information, Think Progress s Judd Legum did it for them. Legum writes: CNN did not mention FAIR s deep roots in white supremacy, eugenics, and white nationalism. The organization was founded by John Tanton, who founded FAIR to keep America  a majority-white population. Heidi Beirich of the Southern Poverty Law Center says of the founder of FAIR: [Tanton] has corresponded with Holocaust deniers, former Klan lawyers and the leading white nationalist thinkers of the era. He introduced key FAIR leaders to the president of the Pioneer Fund, a white supremacist group set up to encourage  race betterment,  at a 1997 meeting at a private club. He wrote a major funder to encourage her to read the work of a radical anti-Semitic professor   to  give you a new understanding of the Jewish outlook on life    and suggested that the entire FAIR board discuss the professor s theories on the Jews. Judd Legum goes on to say that Stein, said he believes America s immigration laws, which he regards as too permissive, are an effort  to retaliate against Anglo-Saxon dominance.  He said that the current generation of immigrants is engaged in  competitive breeding  and that  [m]any of them hate America, hate everything the United States stands for. As for Stein s contributions to the CNN panel on Monday morning? He insisted that DACA is nothing more than arbitrary amnesty program,  and said that Democrats should be forced to help the GOP secure the borders, build the wall, interior enforcement and cut chain migration  if they want to protect the DACA kids. In other words, make sure we keep America mostly white. No more brown people for this guy.Now, CNN has some great anchors. They really do. Personally, I try to tear myself away from MSNBC in order to watch them sometimes   particularly OutFront with Erin Burnett and The Lead with Jake Tapper. That being said, I have never been comfortable with their penchant for allowing Trump supporters to spew unchecked lies on the air. In this climate of deteriorating confidence in the Fourth Estate and confusion about what is and isn t true, these practices are hardly in the interest of the public good. Now, they have white supremacists as panelists, somehow believing that these views should be given mainstream legitimacy.Get your act together CNN. This is why I definitely prefer MSNBC.Watch this appalling discussion below:Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 4, 2017"
 Hardcore Conservative Republican Senator BLASTS Trump’s Decision To Kill DACA,"Donald Trump s decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program (DACA) is so toxic that even one of his most hardcore conservative Republican supporters in the Senate opposes it.It s safe to say that Oklahoma Senator James Lankford is one of Trump s most ardent supporters. After all, Lankford votes with Trump s position nearly 96 percent of the time, and he backed Trump during the 2016 Election.But Lankford is breaking with Trump when it comes to killing DACA.DACA was put in place by President Obama to help children who were brought to the United States by their parents. America is where they grew up and it is the only home they have ever really known. DACA was created to give them a path to citizenship and over 800,000 have applied.Deporting these people is heartless, especially since they would be deported to countries they have never really lived in.Trump s decision to end DACA has been criticized by Republicans and Democrats alike, and has drawn outrage from the American people. Trump s racist supporters, of course, support his decision.But some Republicans, like Lankford, oppose it. It is right for there to be consequences for those who intentionally entered this country illegally,  Lankford said in a statement.  However, we as Americans do not hold children legally accountable for the actions of their parents. We must confront the nation s out-of-date immigration policy and finally resolve the issues of strong border enforcement and merit immigration,  Lankford continued.  Policy reform must come from the American people through Congress. The Legislative and Executive Branch should put aside passivity and partisanship and finally modernize our immigration laws. That s nice, but if Lankford really supports DACA he will put his money where his mouth is and introduce a bill to enshrine it in law. Anything less would reveal his statement to be a lie designed to save his own ass from the wrath of voters who oppose Trump s decision.Trump intends to make an official announcement on Tuesday. Let s hope the outrage and opposition are enough to make him change his mind.Featured image via Ron Sachs   Pool/Getty Images",News,"September 4, 2017"
" Despicable Trump Announces An End To DACA, Will Kick 800,000 Kids Out","We always knew that Donald Trump was a heartless bastard. However, he just decided to leave no doubt about that fact in the minds of the American people, as the orange one has decided to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), which is an Obama-era program that protects children who arrived in the United States illegally when they were very young from deportation. The announcement came late Sunday night, as millions of people waited anxiously to see what the fate of their family members and friends   and for DACA recipients, themselves   would be.According to Politico, Trump will phase the program out within six months, leaving 800,000 DACA recipients subject to immediate deportation. It seems that the six month waiting period to start deporting DACA recipients, also known as DREAMERS, is to give Congress time to solve the problem of undocumented children themselves. The argument seems to be that a lot of people in Trump s orbit believe that immigration policies like DACA are the job of lawmakers, not the president, and therefore President Obama had no right to do what he did for the DREAMERS.This all comes as many lawmakers   including many Republicans   have said that Trump should leave the DACA kids alone. After all, these are people who know no other home, who came here as very small children and are Americans in every way except on paper. They literally have nowhere to go if Trump and his goons deport them.Now, it should be noted that this is not an official announcement and that it came from White House sources with knowledge of the upcoming announcement who spoke to Politico reporters. Since Trump is impulsive and unpredictable, there is still time for all of this to change. Hopefully, Congress will do something during the six-month window, rendering this awful decision moot.Anyone who thought this administration wouldn t be on a mission to destroy the lives of millions of people was completely deluded. We now see that Team Trump is on their way to making America into their fever dream of a white ethnostate   or as close to it as they can come. That s what you get when dumb people decide it would be a great idea to have a racist run the country.Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",News,"September 3, 2017"
" Republican Panics On Live TV, Can’t Say Trump Is Capable Of Handling North Korea (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s credibility and  power  has become such a joke that not even members of his own party have any faith in him to deal with the current issues that America is facing.On Sunday, Republican Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) unintentionally showed everyone just how little the GOP believes in Trump when he couldn t force himself to say that Trump could handle the current nuclear crisis the United States is facing with North Korea. In an interview with CNN s Dana Bash, Flake was put on the spot about how capable Trump is (and isn t). Bash asked Flake: Senator, there are a lot of people waking up this morning in this country very concerned about what they re hearing from North Korea. Do you share Clapper s concern, not just about North Korea, but with the president s ability to respond? Flake couldn t give a straight answer. He said: Well, I   I do have good confidence in our national security team and those who are advising the president. And the president does not have experience in this   in this kind of situation, but few presidents do when they come into office. And I m confident that the people around the president are giving him good advice, and I believe that he will follow it. I sure hope he does. Obviously, you like a leader that s measured and sober and consistent. Our allies want to hear that. I think our adversaries need to hear that. But we have got a good team around the president. Bash was quick to put Flake on the spot and point out that he hadn t actually said that Trump could handle this matter. Bash pressed,  Senator, you talked there about the president s team, but not about the president himself. Are you concerned about the president himself, as James Clapper is? Flake continued to stumble through this interview: Well, like I said, no president comes in prepared with regard to foreign policy experience. That s why you have a good team around them. I have had my concerns, I think everyone has, at some of the statements that have been made by the president with regard to NATO and other areas in foreign policy. Like I said, I think we   we want somebody who is   who is measured and sober and consistent and conservative in this regard. But he has a good team around him, and I have confidence in them. This is absolutely humiliating for Trump. Not only was his Defense Secretary, James Mattis, sent out earlier today to deliver a public statement on North Korea in his place, but now a member of his own party practically said Trump isn t capable of handling North Korea. Flake refused to support Trump and say he was a competent president, and instead opted to talk about the experts surrounding him.You can watch Flake humiliate Trump below:Featured image via screenshot",News,"September 3, 2017"
 Defense Secretary Mattis Speaks Over Incompetent Trump’s Threats To North Korea (VIDEO),"Earlier today, Donald Trump once again disgraced the United States by demonstrating his incompetence with empty threats to North Korea   via his Twitter account. Showcasing his inability to handle a crisis, Trump tweeted that he would meet with his military experts and could only say  we ll see  when he was asked about his plans to attack North Korea.Further proving that no one in his administration takes him seriously, Defense Secretary James Mattis was sent out to give a more powerful statement on North Korea, outshining his own boss  threats. In a statement, Mattis warned North Korea that the United States military would certainly respond to any threat. Mattis said: Any threat to the United States or its territories, including Guam, or our allies will be met with a massive military response, a response both effective and overwhelming. Mattis also urged North Korea to listen to the UN Security Council: All members unanimously agreed on the threat North Korea poses and they remain unanimous in their commitment to the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. We are not looking to the total annihilation of a country, namely North Korea, but as I said we have many options to do so. Of course, the reason Mattis had to make this statement in the first place is because no one can believe a word that Trump says. Even eight months into his presidency, Trump has managed to destroy every ounce of credibility he might have had, and many of the tasks he should be doing are now falling on the shoulders of his more capable administration members. No one takes him seriously, so he needs to send others to make statements for him.You can watch Mattis cover for his boss in the video below:Defense Secretary James Mattis:  Any threat to the United States   will be met with a massive military response  https://t.co/7WzbWvGoIK  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) September 3, 2017Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",News,"September 3, 2017"
 Trump Administration Is Already Talking About Withholding Harvey Aid,"On the National Day of Prayer, Donald Trump lashed out at South Korea and North Korea, while his administration wants Congress to attach aid for victims of Hurricane Harvey to a bill that would increase the federal debt limit. So, Trump is now at war with an influential group of House conservatives who have warned GOP leaders not to connect the two funding initiatives. This move might cause a looming conservative uprising. Usually, with Republicans, they want a debt limit increase tied to spending cuts but now, with an entire city underwater and thousands in shelters and at least 45 dead, Conservatives will have to battle it out.On Sunday, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that he and the former reality show star believe that raising the U.S. debt limit, which Congress must do within the next few weeks in order to avoid defaulting on its bills, should be tied to disaster relief funding for Hurricane Harvey. Without raising the debt limit I m not comfortable that we d get the money we d need this month to Texas,  Mnuchin said on  Fox News Sunday. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin revealed the administration s approach Sunday morning when he was asked whether the White House could guarantee that funding for the disaster would not be attached to the fight over the debt ceiling. No, I can t. Quite the contrary,  Mnuchin said, adding,  The president and I believe that it should be tied to the Harvey funding. Watch:NEW: Sec Mnuchin tells Chris Wallace on @FoxNewsSunday that if the debt limit isn't raised, it will interfere w/ the #Harvey relief effort. pic.twitter.com/EfxtOowH8C  Pat Ward (@WardDPatrick) September 3, 2017Mnuchin warned of a delay in recovery funding for Texas if the debt ceiling is not raised, according to the Washington Post. Our first priority is to make sure that the state gets money, it is critical, and to do that we need to make sure we raise the debt limit,  he said.  Without raising the debt limit, I m not comfortable that we will get the money that we need this month to Texas to rebuild. In 2011, congressional Republicans brought the country to the brink of default after refusing to raise the debt ceiling unless Democrats agreed to a series of future spending cuts. And now, Conservatives and Republicans will have to slap fight each other in order to get aid to Texas.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",News,"September 3, 2017"
" Trump ‘Cherished’ Letter Obama Left Him When He Took Over, Then Did The Opposite Of What It Said","It has become customary for a president, upon leaving the office to the next holder of the title, to leave a note of encouragement. Different presidents, of course, have done it differently. Back in 1992, George H. W. Bush left Bill Clinton a note that famously said  I am rooting hard for you. Good luck.  Clinton likewise left one for the elder Bush s son, as George W. did for Barack Obama.But when Obama quietly folded his letter and placed it in a drawer in the Resolute Desk, it contained more than just platitudes and well wishes. In addition to being twice as long   Obama is a speaker, after all   it was filled with not only an account of how powerful a position it is, but also advice on how to handle the job with grace and humilityAlthough Trump has never publicly read the letter aloud, he has often spoken of how much he cherishes it, when he s not busy tweeting about what a horrible president Barack Obama was. Now CNN has obtained a copy of the letter from a person that Trump once showed it to:Exclusive: In the letter Obama left for Trump on Inauguration Day, he lays out four points of advice. Read it here: https://t.co/NLczJTxyaz pic.twitter.com/ttqXGx6TxK  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) September 3, 2017Some highlights:It s up to us to do everything we can (to) build more ladders of success for every child and family that s willing to work hard.It s up to us, through action and example, to sustain the international order that s expanded steadily since the end of the Cold War, and upon which our own wealth and safety depend.[W]e are just temporary occupants of this office. That makes us guardians of those democratic institutions and traditions   like rule of law, separation of powers, equal protection and civil liberties   that our forebears fought and bled for. Regardless of the push and pull of daily politics, it s up to us to leave those instruments of our democracy at least as strong as we found them.As you can see, President Obama left Trump with a lot of advice he has definitely not followed. From Trump s sustained focus on repealing his predecessor s signature health care bill to his determination to cut social spending in order to fund more tax cuts for the wealthy, he hasn t built any ladders of success. In his constant tweets threatening North Korea and belittling China, Mexico, and even allies like Australia and Germany, Trump hasn t done much for  international order. But on the last few points, Trump has failed spectacularly. He has zero respect for the rule of law or separation of powers, and has proven himself an enemy of equal protection and civil liberties.President Obama s letter couldn t have surfaced at a more perfect time to highlight the differences between the man we got used to seeing handle disasters, terrorism, tragedies, and diplomacy humbly and the man-child who scoffs now at even the most common social norms.If only it had been a set of rules.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"September 3, 2017"
 WATCH: Kellyanne Conway’s Latest Gushing About Trump Will Make America Vomit,"The wicked witch of the White House makes America sick again.As we all know, Donald Trump botched his first visit to Texas in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey by basically holding a rally and bragging about himself without once talking to a victim of the storm or surveying the devastation first-hand.And Trump s do-over trip was just as embarrassing and divisive as he praised the Coast Guard before attacking the media and bragging about his hand size.But Kellyanne Conway thinks all of that adds up to Trump uniting the country.During an appearance on Fox & Friends on Sunday, Conway gushed about Trump s visit to Texas and bragged about his pledge of $1 million to Harvey victims after Abby Huntsman incorrectly claimed that Trump s recent most recent trip has not been criticized by the media. That s what s so significant here, that the president and first lady felt compelled to donate $1 million of their own money, felt compelled to visit twice, to really spend the time yesterday, engage people, look them in the eye,  Conway said.The only reason why Trump visited a second time is because he f*cked up his first visit so badly. This is the Donald Trump that so many of us know and are privileged to work with and to know very close and personal,  Conway continued.And we all that s complete bullshit because Trump is a vindictive narcissist who only cares about himself. He has proved that time and time again.Furthermore, that $1 million pledge is merely a pledge. He actually hasn t donated a penny yet. And he probably won t since the foundation he uses to donate other people s money to charities is under investigation. Trump won t spend his own money to help those in need.But Conway wasn t done making America puke. She claimed that Trump is uniting the country by helping people who didn t vote for him as if to suggest that he doesn t have to help people who didn t support him in 2016. We look at them as our brothers and sisters in need who are suffering,  Conway said.  But this man is somebody who has always expressed the capacity and compassion for people in need. Is everyone done laughing yet? Because we all know Trump has zero compassion for anyone. He lacks the capacity to care about others. He only cares about himself and his image. Again, the only reason he went back to Texas a second time is because he refused to take the time to visit victims the first time around. Now he is busy using the victims as props so he can claim to give a damn.Conway then attacked the media for criticizing Trump, despite Huntsman claiming that there was no criticism of this second trip. They look so peevish and so small,  Conway said.  People are saying he missed an opportunity to unify the country. They are doing exactly that here. And also getting people   meeting their needs of food, water, and shelter at the same time. Let s unify as a country beginning with the president. Here s the video via YouTube. The relevant remarks begin at the 5:30 mark.Donald Trump did not unify the country by going to Texas. If anything, he divided it even further by botching his first visit and then attacking the media during his second visit. He couldn t even control himself at a time when petty grievances should be put aside. Kellyanne Conway should be ashamed of herself. And so should Abby Huntsman.Featured Image: Screenshot",News,"September 3, 2017"
 Trump STUPIDLY Attacks A Major U.S. Ally Before Threatening North Korea With War,"If Donald Trump drags us into war with North Korea, it could be without the help of our most important ally in the region.South Korea is a critical ally since the country sits just below North Korea. South Korea not only serves as a base for our troops and any strike we launch against Kim Jong-Uu, it would provide logistical and military support.Defeating North Korea requires strong allies and cooperation. But Trump may have just ruined that with a Twitter tantrum on Sunday morning.First, Trump took a shot at China. Then he tweeted out what amounts to an  I told you so  and accused South Korea of appeasing North Korea. Then he threatened war with North Korea.North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2017..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2017South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2017Trump s attack on South Korea comes just a day after he instructed his staff to prepare to withdraw from the South Korea trade deal, another move that antagonizes one of our closest allies at a time when we need them the most.So just to recap, China has warned Trump not to attack North Korea and now he has antagonized South Korea.America is running out of allies in Asia. And it s all because Donald Trump is a terrible leader who thinks being a bully works better than diplomacy and cooperation. Americans better get ready for nuclear war because Trump is going to start one.Featured image via Sean Rayford/Getty Images",News,"September 3, 2017"
 Trump Stops Praising Coast Guard’s Harvey Efforts To Viciously Attack The Media (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has now become well known for his completely inappropriate tendency to disrespect those who should be honored. We ve seen it numerous times in Trump s efforts to congratulate and honor members of the military, and we witnessed it again earlier today.On Saturday, Trump visited Houston, Texas to assist a Hurricane Harvey relief effort. While he was there, Trump attacked the media several times   but the most notable one was the incident that happened at the expense of the Coast Guard.In speaking with military officials and first responders who were responsible for saving lives in Texas, Trump couldn t help himself from going after the free press. Trump congratulated the Coast Guard, right before uttering this disgusting attack while pointing directly at the cameras: I hear the Coast Guard saved almost 11,000 people by going into winds the media would not go into. They will not go into those winds unless it s a really good story, in which case they will. For someone who wants the media to be nicer to him and protect his fragile ego, Trump sure doesn t know how to behave himself. The hilarious thing about what Trump just said is that several members of the media did far more to help Harvey victims than Trump did. If he would turn off Fox News for a second and actually pay attention to real news, he would have known that several media figures were helping the Coast Guard and other first responders in their relief efforts. There have even been several documented instances in which reporters directly assisted Harvey victims WHILE they were working. But of course, we can t expect Trump to take the high road   ever. You can watch Trump disrespect the Coast Guard and the free press below:Pres. Trump praises Coast Guard for saving people  by going into winds that the media would not go into unless it s a really good story.  pic.twitter.com/YFfQ5NJmAY  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) September 2, 2017Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",News,"September 2, 2017"
 Trump Trolls Turn On GOP Moderates: ‘You’re Gonna Get Primaried’,"Believe or not,  moderates  do exist in the Republican Party. To those of us on the left, they hardly seem moderate, but they certainly aren t like, say, the Ted Cruz s of the world. In the House of Representatives, they even have a name. They call themselves the Tuesday Group. And since Donald Trump took office, it has been Republicans from that group who have been pushing back the hardest on Trump s more extreme and cruel policies. To that end, it should come as no surprise that Trump s band of trolls in his base are threatening the people in the Tuesday Group with primary challenges in 2018.At the top of the Trump trolls  list of targets is Tuesday Group co-chair Charlie Dent (R-PA). They re letting Rep. Dent know that his days are numbered in the most public of ways   by holding a huge event where they blasted their warnings to him from a park in Allentown, Pennsylvania. Adam Gingrich, who gives political advice to hard right politicians said to Dent: You re gonna get primaried. This particular rally is just the beginning. These people seem to be ready to primary anyone who has been critical of Trump and his agenda from the right. There s just one problem with that, though: They don t seem to understand some of these districts. In a place like Pennsylvania, Ted Cruz-style policies will not fly. These people have to be more moderate than say, members of the ultra conservative Freedom Caucus or they don t get elected and re-elected. There s that, and the fact that most of them seem to at least be attempting to appear reasonable. Despite these facts, though, word has leaked out that Trump himself went after Rep. Dent in a private rant, saying that Dent is destroying the Republican Party. So, as they are likely to do, the Trump Trolls came out in force on Friday in order to back their orange man up. Northampton County GOP Chairwoman Gloria  Lee  Snover said of Rep. Dent: I looked Charlie Dent in the eye and I saw the swamp. In times past, I ve supported Charlie Dent as the only alternative. But now, with his disregard and disrespect to my president   I will no longer be able to support Congressman Dent. For the first time, we finally are going to have primary challengers we can get behind. So, in other words, fall in lockstep with Trump or get out. Rep. Dent, to his credit, is pushing back, though. He says of the situation: I have repeatedly made it clear that on issues such as reforming the VA, making the regulatory environment more reasonable, improving America s infrastructure, providing necessary funding to help meet the needs of our military and spurring economic growth, I will work constructively and supportively with President Trump. At the same time. I am not a sycophant. If the president errs on issues that are important to the people of the 15th, or for the entire country, I will continue to state my opinions respectfully and civilly. The best part of this is that it could be a huge gift to Democrats. Pennsylvania is a swing state that, until 2016, always went blue. Therefore, the idea of a hard right conservative being elected there is pretty out there. We can t rule it out, of course, but if the GOP spends all of its times fighting with itself and the Democrats unify around one candidate, we win.Get it together, Democrats. Here are a whole bunch of seats we could possibly win simply because Trump Trolls can t abide a GOP lawmaker who isn t licking Trump s boots 24/7.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",News,"September 2, 2017"
 It’s Become Obvious Trump Is Filming PR Video With Hurricane Shelter Visit (VIDEO),"One thing is for certain when it comes to Donald Trump s *presidency, he s failing miserably and his approval rating is reflecting exactly that. According to Gallup Daily, Trump s approval rating has plummeted to 34% with 61% of the country disapproving of the job Trump is doing.via GallupWhat better way to make himself at least look like he s doing a good job than to appear to be helping the people of Texas after Hurricane Harvey. Of course, he could just go and help, but it appears that he s brought along quite the press team and perhaps even a video production team to record his actions.Watch the video here:WATCH: President Trump loads a man s pickup truck with supplies in Houston https://t.co/GDf559LNXI  NBC News (@NBCNews) September 2, 2017Don t be surprised that if in the coming days we see a PR video come out on Trump s Twitter feed that will show all the  good work  Trump is doing for the people of Texas. And of course, people will fall for it, as they fall for most of his schtick. However, it s clear he s trying to rebound from a dismal approval rating that continues to sink fast. Pretty sad that he s going to such great lengths to make it look like he s doing a good job. He could, you know, actually do a good job. But that s unlikely.(*pending ongoing investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election)Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 2, 2017"
" Trump Brags About Hand Size While At Hurricane Shelter, And It’s Beyond Weird (VIDEO)","It s more than clear that Donald Trump is very proud of himself for visiting Texas for the second time after Hurricane Harvey. He s made sure to post videos of himself arriving, and the press is swarming him while he visits shelters housing displaced hurricane victims. Optics really are the best, right? Especially for plummeting approval ratings.However, in a very weird moment, the camera caught Trump talking about his hand size. That s right, Trump shouted: My hands are too big! Here s the video:Trump yells  my hands are too big! Not sure who he is talking to. pic.twitter.com/XpRsbRlhCc  Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) September 2, 2017Weird right? It s not really clear why he would say such a thing, or who he was saying it to. However, there he was, in the middle of a hurricane shelter, seemingly bragging about the size of his hands.If you re unaware, the size of Trump s hands has been an ongoing joke ever since the presidential race. The gag is that he has really tiny hands, or at least that s how rumor has it. So, overcompensating, he bragged about his hands then, and he s clearly still making sure people think his hands are plenty big enough for whatever it is he is doing at that shelter.Nonetheless, it s still weird and unnecessary to make sure he says such a thing on camera. He doth protest too much.Featured image via video screen capture",News,"September 2, 2017"
 ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Pulls Weapon On Woman In Argument Over School Supplies,"A Michigan woman decided to defend against tyranny? when she and another shopper couldn t agree over who got to buy the last notebook on the shelf at the Novi Towne Center store.According to ABC 13, the brawl   yes, brawl    involved two Farmington Hills residents, ages 46 and 32, and a mother and daughter from South Lyon, ages 51 and 20. In other words, these were all grown adults who should have known better but hey   there was only one notebook on the shelf, and we ve all seen what happens in those post-apocalyptic movies when a store is down to the last gallon of milk, right?Two of the women, one of whom was the unnamed 20-year-old, reached for the notebook at the same time. The 46 and 32-year-olds apparently decided that she wasn t getting their goddamn notebook and began pulling her hair.Then, because this had almost hit peak  trailer park,  the 20-year-old s mother decided to go for bonus points by pulling out her gun. Fortunately, someone pushed her aside before she could do any harm.This is one of the NRA s  responsible gun owners  (conservatives can t dismiss this one, as it is confirmed that she is a concealed carry permit holder)   ready to leap into action at the most minor sign of danger and make things worse by turning the situation potentially deadly.Watch it happen below:Featured image via screengrab",News,"September 2, 2017"