OOPS! WATCH THE BRILLIANT TV AD Trump Made For Cruz,Brilliant ,politics,"Jan 18, 2016"
"EYE-OPENING: Why Liberals Won’t Talk About White, Poverty-Stricken, Rural Americans","This is a story you will never find in the mainstream media What seldom gets talked about and when it is, often with irreverent humor and contempt is the poverty of rural America, particularly rural white America: Appalachia, the Ozarks, the Mississippi Delta, the Dakotas, the Rio Grande Valley, the Cotton Belt.If you spend time among coastal liberals, it s not unusual to hear denigrating remarks made about poor  middle Americans  slip out of mouths that are otherwise forthcoming about the injustices of poverty and inequality.Yet, since the 1950s, Americans living in non-metropolitan counties have had a higher rate of poverty than those living in metropolitan areas. According to the 2013 American Community Survey, the poverty rate among rural-dwelling Americans is three percent higher than it is among urban-dwellers. In the South, the poorest region of the country, the rural-urban discrepancy is greatest around eight percent higher in non-metro areas than metro areas.Watch here, as Levi Holstein, 22 explains what Obama s shut down of the coal industry has done to his community: Holstein s youth was spent hunting deer,turkey and bears,fishing for catfish with his father and riding four wheelers through the hills of Boone County. Now,the mountains he grew to love have been leveled in pursuit of coal,and their debris scraped into the hollow above his childhood home,destroying old haunts. I would be the first to tell you I hate strip mines. I hate it,I don t like it one bit,  Holstein said.  But at the same time it gives a man a job. Unfortunately, for 8 years we had a President who was committed to shutting down the coal industry in rural America, where primarily low income white families live.For Holstein,and many others throughout the region,the changes to the landscape and negative environmental impacts are weighed against paychecks to support their families. However,in the past few years career miners have seen their jobs vanish or move to other parts of the state.Once the most formidable industry in West Virginia,coal is progressively losing its economic dominance throughout Central Appalachia as production slows due to tightening pollution controls,greater availability of cheap natural gas and growing competition from other coal basins.From 2007 to 2012 West Virginia s annual coal production dropped by 31.7 million tons annually,falling over 20 percent,from 165.7 million to 129.5 million. Over half of that decline,17.9 million tons,came from Boone County,which until 2012 had long been the state s top producer.So why is the poverty of rural America largely unexamined, even avoided? There are a number of explanations.Rural and urban poverty are similar to the degree that both occur when people do not have access to jobs specifically ones that pay a living wage (i.e. enough to provide themselves and their dependents with basic necessities like food and shelter). Many of the causal factors for poverty, however, are exacerbated in remote areas where the job and labor markets are smaller and less diverse, and communities lack the human capital of city economies. Often a single industry (in some cases single employer) will dominate a vast region.The geographic distance between some rural communities and higher education institutions, as well as technical and vocational schools, is also a factor. According to U.S. Department of Agriculture Economic Research Service, 20 percent of non-metro residents complete their college degrees compared to 30 percent in metropolitan areas.Similarly, when it comes to providing social services in rural America, spatial challenges arise in making those services accessible and visible to a remote public. The repertoire of services available to [rural people] is smaller,  Lobao says. Her research indicates that 50 percent of metropolitan counties provide subsidies for emergency medical services, while only 30 percent of non-metro counties do. Similarly, 30 percent of metro counties make elder care available, but only 20 percent of non-metro counties do. And 25 percent of metro counties provide childcare care, but only 16 percent of non-metro countries do. Each of these deficits contributes to the higher rate of poverty that we see among the rural poor.Lisa Pruitt, a law professor at the University of California at Davis, studies the intersection of law and rural livelihoods. She also runs a site called the Legal Ruralism Blog, where she writes about the problem of rural American poverty. Pruitt grew up in a working-class rural Newton County in the Ozarks of northwest Arkansas. She tells Rural America In These Times that one important misconception about rural poverty is that it is an exclusively white problem. While the majority of rural Americans struggling with poverty are white, Pruitt says, the racial makeup of the rural poor is far more diverse than the image most Americans realize. We tend to associate rural poverty with whiteness,  Pruitt says.  When we think about rural poverty, most associations with rural poverty are with white populations and in fact, that is true to some extent but it s actually far from being monochromatic. The demographics of poverty in rural and urban America are quite similar. Though whites make up the majority of both metropolitan and non-metropolitan populations in the United States resulting in a higher numbers of whites living in poverty poverty rates throughout rural America are much higher among the rural minority population. According to the 2013 American Community Survey, 40 percent of blacks living in non-metro counties fall below the poverty line, compared to 15 percent of whites. Poverty rates among non-metro Hispanics and American Indians are also considerably higher than they are among whites.This popular association between rural American poverty and whiteness is key to understanding why the media, and liberal America as a whole, doesn t talk about rural American poverty. While black poverty in the United States is attributed to the legacies of slavery, Jim Crow, housing discrimination, incarceration, and other forms of institutionalized racism, we have no national narrative that explains white poverty. As a result, there is an implicit belief that whites who have benefited from all of the advantages that come with being white don t have a good reason to be poor. In other words, that when whites live in poverty, it is their fault, or even their choice.Since the 1960s, the current U.S. economic system has had as a constant feature 15 percent of the population living below the poverty line. For better or worse,  says Pruitt,  when we talk about poverty, we focus on black poverty, and we focus on Hispanic poverty. We ve collapsed our nation s poverty problem into our nation s racism problem and it leads us to turn a blind eye to rural poverty. One of Pruitt s overarching arguments is that this political polarization between the liberal mainstream and the rural poor is self-perpetuating, and will only worsen with time as the rural poor are  excluded from the pipeline to power. There is such a disconnect between the people in power in this country and the rural poor. It s a negative feedback loop,  says Pruitt.  If you re deciding who you are going to admit to Harvard and you see they grew up socio-economically disadvantaged from rural America, the knee-jerk reaction is,  We don t want those people among us. They re racist. They re uncouth. They re unsavory.   Though the left has all but cornered the subject of poverty and its myriad dimensions, the fact that rural Americans tend to espouse conservative positions on social issues like abortion and gay rights does not make the liberal media or Democratic candidates any more sympathetic to rural American poverty. And if the 2008 Presidential Election is any indicator, poor rural Americans, especially whites, feel increasingly at odds with liberal politics and liberal candidates. I think the assumption is that rural white voters are racist and illiberal and intolerant,  says Pruitt.  And so there are all sorts of incentives to distance ourselves for the Democratic presidential candidates to distances themselves from rural whites. I think that most rural white voters are pretty alienated from politics generally, and the Democratic Party in particular. Yet the left and working class rural Americans have many reasons to forge a stronger relationship specifically in challenging the authority of corporate America and growing the bargaining power of workers. Lobao, clearly frustrated, says rural sociologists have spent a lot of time thinking about how the left could appeal to rural Americans and often find themselves mired in  platitudes. The one thing that we could stress in terms of social values is the value of building community,  she said.    Do you like your community? Do you want to build it? Well why can t we?  We can try to emphasize building the community, you know, because people identify with their community whether they re Republican or Democrat.  Via: In These Times",politics,"Jan 18, 2016"
BREAKING UPDATE ON Obama’s War On Cops: Ohio Police Officer Murdered By Thug “looking to kill an officer” [VIDEO],"This random cop killing trend is almost like punishing every black man in America for the crimes Obama has committed against our nation. Most of us are smart enough to understand that you don t blame an entire group of people who are largely innocent of wrong doing, for a few bad apples. Now that Obama, Holder, Sharpton and DeBlasio have made blaming our law enforcement as a whole, for the crimes of a few, expect to see more of these hate crimes committed across America. This is a despicable new trend, and people need to start demanding those who started this war against our law enforcement are held accountable.Officials say they were warned a gunman was hunting cops in Ohio this weekend, and by Sunday evening they realized the terrible truth behind the warning when they found a bloody hat but no patrol car and no officer.Police say a woman in Danville called dispatch Sunday evening around 11:20 p.m. to warn them her ex-boyfriend, identified as 34-year-old Hershel Ray Jones III, was armed and  looking to kill an officer,  reports CBS affiliate WBNS-TV in Columbus.The woman said officers in the area of Danville, near Columbus, were in danger.Dispatchers frantically put out a call and failed to make contact with Danville Officer Thomas Cottrell. Deputies from the Knox County Sheriff s officer were dispatched, but all they turned up initially was a Cottrell s hat with blood on it, and nothing more.Their worst fears were later realized 20 minutes later when they Cottrell s body behind the Danville Municipal Building, clearly dead from gunshot wounds. His gun and patrol car had been stolen.He was the first officer killed in the state of Ohio in 2016, reports WBNS.Jones was tracked down a short while later, and spotted at 1:30 a.m. running out of a house. Police gave chase, and caught him near Danville Park. He has been named as the prime suspect in the murder.No charges have been announced yet.Via: CBS News",politics,"Jan 18, 2016"
VIRAL VIDEO: Bernie Sanders Shoots Hillary The Evil Eye During Dem Debate,"This is pretty hysterical and is a reaction during the Democratic debate last night:Feel free to use this in your memes, kids #DemDebate pic.twitter.com/9pEdFdGmYr  Justin Fenton (@justin_fenton) January 18, 2016  ",politics,"Jan 18, 2016"
RARE INTERVIEW WITH WHITE HOUSE SECRETARY: Bill Clinton Had Affairs With “thousands of women”…”Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made”,"This is a mind-blowing interview that confirms much of what many of us suspected about the Clintons. For some, it may be even worse than what they believed to be true. Kudos to Linda Tripp for agreeing to do this interview. People who cross the Clinton s do usually fare too well In a rare interview, Linda Tripp, a pivotal figure in the Monica Lewinsky scandal, revealed on Sunday it was common knowledge while she worked in the West Wing that Bill Clinton had affairs with  thousands of women. Speaking on  Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,  Tripp for the first time divulged that she personally knew another White House staffer aside from Lewinsky who was also having an affair with Clinton. That unnamed staffer was mentioned by Tripp in various depositions but she has not spoken about it publicly.She charged that Hillary Clinton not only knew about her husband s exploits,  She made it her personal mission to disseminate information and destroy the women with whom he dallied. Tripp says she cringes at the sight of Clinton presenting herself as  a champion of women s rights worldwide in a global fashion, and yet all of the women she has destroyed over the years to ensure her political viability continues is sickening to me. Tripp documented evidence of Lewinsky s phone calls about her relationship with Bill Clinton and submitted the evidence to independent counsel Kenneth Starr, leading to the public disclosure of the affair. She explained to Klein that she did so because she believed her own life and Lewinsky s were in danger, saying that Lewinsky was threatening Clinton with outing the relationship.Tripp also used the interview to criticize what she says is the news media s unwillingness to investigate the Clintons. She singled out and thanked Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report, declaring that without him  things would have been very, very different. Drudge s website was the first media outlet to break the Lewinsky scandal after Newsweek sat on the story.Tripp had unique access to the Clintons because her office was directly adjacent to Hillary s second floor West Wing office for the entire time she served in the Clinton White House from 1993 to the summer of 1994 with the exception of the first three months of the Clinton administration, when she sat just outside the Oval Office.Tripp s nonpartisan position was a carryover from the George H. W. Bush administration in which she served. Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made She told Klein that her role in the Lewinsky case followed  years of alarm at what I had seen in the Clinton White House, particularly Hillary and the different scandals, whether it was Filegate, Travelgate, Whitewater, Vince Foster. All of the scandals that had come before and were so completely obliterated in the mind s eye of the American people because of the way all of them were essentially discounted. So I watched a lying President and a lying First Lady present falsehoods to the American people. So my dismay predated the January 1998 period when the Monica Lewinsky scandal surfaced. To me it was very important that the American people see what I was seeing. My years with the Clintons were so disturbing on so many levels. Tripp maintains that she went public with the Lewinsky evidence to ensure the intern s safety as well as her own.She told Klein:I say today and I will continue to say that I believe Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made and action I took. That may sound melodramatic to your listeners. I can only say that from my perspective I believe that she and I at the time were in danger, because nothing stands in the way of these people achieving their political ends.I think that had it not become public when it did, particularly in light of the Paula Jones lawsuit, which was coming to a head with President Clinton s deposition, that we may well have met with an accident. It s a situation where unless you lived it as I did you would have no real framework of reference for this sort of situation.Tripp said the young Lewinsky, 21-years-old when she entered the White House as an intern, was unaware of the danger that she faced.She described Lewinsky as a  young girl, smart, clever   but in this one area she was blinded and she fancied herself in love. He fancied himself entitled. It was nothing more than a servicing agreement. She romanticized that there was an affair. And when it didn t pan out the way she had hoped it would   he had promised her he would bring her back to the White House as soon as the 1996 election campaign had finished. When he didn t, she essentially lost her mind and started acting in erratic and frightening ways. Threatening the president.There came a point in July of 1997 when she not only threatened to expose the affair, as she referred to it. But also she at that time informed him that I knew all about it. So at that time it became dangerous for Monica and for me. This was something that absolutely could never see the light of day. And she never realized the implications of threatening a president or her behavior. And I did.Tripp told Klein that  the biggest fallacy that most people believed is that this was a unique occurrence. Monica was somehow special. And regrettably that s the farthest thing from the truth. She said,  Everyone knew within the West Wing, particularly those who spent years with him, of the thousands of women. Now most of your listeners might find that difficult if not impossible to believe. And I can tell you in the beginning I felt the same way. But let me be clear here. This is a pattern of behavior that has gone on for years. And the abuse of women for years. Asked whether Clinton was having affairs with others in the West Wing, Tripp replied,  I know that to be true. One in particular who I will not name told me this herself. But as to the hundreds or thousands, remember I worked closely with the closest aides to the president. And it was a loosey-goosy environment so there was not a lot of holding back. So it was common knowledge, let s put it this way, within the West Wing that he had this problem. It was further common knowledge that Hillary was aware of it. Tripp described the tense West Wing atmosphere between what she characterized as two almost diametrically opposed Clinton camps.The dynamic between the two groups   the Bill Clinton people and the Hillary Clinton people. It was as though they were almost opposing forces. But I can tell you that the one with the power and the one that instilled the fear in the other was the Hillary camp.And the [Bill] Clinton people would cower if she were coming into the area, just as an example, of the Oval without notice. There would be scurrying around to make sure there was no one in the wrong place at the wrong time, shall we say. It was a fascination to see the amount of energy that was expended covering up his behavior. It was horrifying.Tripp said Hillary personally targeted Bill s female conquests and accusers, with the future presidential candidate exhibiting behavior that is  egregious and it s so disingenuous. In my case, for instance, right after the Lewinsky story broke, she was heard directing her staff to get anything and everything on Linda Tripp. So the defamation of character and the absolute assurance that my credibility would be destroyed began right away. And it happens with any woman who is involved in any way, either with him in a physical relationship or an assault or anything that can endanger their political viability.Tripp recalled Hillary s January 27, 1998 appearance on NBC s The Today Show in which she was seen as standing by her husband while blaming the Lewinsky scandal on a  vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president. She didn t do it in an honest way,  said Tripp of Clinton s NBC interview.  Instead she lied, which didn t surprise me. And I will give her credit. She is enormously effective. And became a victim. A wife who was betrayed. This is someone who had no real personal problem with any of this behavior. The problem was in it becoming public. They had to continue to become electable  She was the more aggressive one in ensuring that the political viability was not endangered in any way. Tripp told Klein that Hillary  does not possess integrity on any level. I just wish that your listeners could know the person that I knew. Because if they did there is not a chance she would be elected president. Tripp s ringside seat afforded her rare insight into the scandals of the 1990s and perhaps alleged wrongdoings to come, with the West Wing employee personally witnessing behavior that may have foreshadowed Clinton s email scandal, in which she is accused of sending classified materials through her personal server.Tripp said she noticed major differences in the manner in which classified material was handled by both the Clinton and Bush administrations in which she served.President George H.W. Bush s administration had  a completely different way of operating on every level, including on classified and secret material,  she said.She continued:All the regulations were followed, right down to a cover sheet being essential if the document had had any sort of classifications. The securing of classified documentation in safes. The burn bags that were used if any sensitive material was to be disposed of. All of this was familiar to me and followed every security protocol that I had experienced in the past.When the Clintons came in this was one of the things that I found appalling right from day one. And it went hand and hand with the disdain for the military. The military was present in the White House in the form of presidential aides. The aide that carried the nuclear football, just as an example. And in the Bush White House they were respected, as they should be. In the Clinton White House, they were disdained. To see it treated this way and to see these people treated this way was disturbing.Tripp referred to Clinton s private mail woes as  classic Hillary Clinton in a nutshell. She gets to decide what she does. Look, the rules don t apply to the Clintons. If you understand that basic premise you understand the Clintons. For Tripp, Clinton s use of a private server was  all about control. She has a need to control every single aspect of her life. And you know anyone in government knows that any key stroke on a keyboard within a government agency belongs to the government  it is not up to the employee on any level to control what happens to it for posterity. FOR ENTIRE INTERVIEW, CLICK HERE: Breitbart News",politics,"Jan 17, 2016"
BRITISH WOMAN LOSES VIRGINITY To Asylum Seeking Rapist On Her Way To Church,"Europe is likely not going to be a top destination for families with young daughters, and they have no one to blame but themselves for this idiocy. Political correctness will be the death of Europe as we know it. Do Americans have the fortitude to stop the bleeding here, before the invasion of foreigners on our soil is officially out of control? PREDATORY asylum seeker who  chillingly  raped a 21-year-old devout Christian woman next to a church was starting a 10 year jail sentence today.Eritrean-born Mebrehtom Abrha, 25, stalked the vulnerable virgin for 10 minutes as she walked through Liverpool city centre to her boyfriend s house at 6am last July 19.Liverpool Crown Court heard he dragged her off the pavement and into a grassy area before raping her twice in a harrowing four-minute ordeal.The terrifying attack left the devout Christian  angry at God  and fearing she had contracted HIV, an appalled judge was told.Abrha, who lived in Liverpool before fleeing to Birmingham, was arrested following a BBC Crimewatch appeal on October 12.Today he started an extended sentence of 10 years  imprisonment with a further five years on licence as his victim told the court:  I felt ashamed, dirty and unclean. Going to church has always been in an important part of my life but since the attack I was not able to go to church for many months. I was angry at God and I was angry at myself for feeling this way. The victim also admitted the attack caused her to end her relationship with her boyfriend, adding:  I have lost any desire to do anything in my life. I feel terrified in the shower. I get the feeling that someone is going to get me and I start to panic. The victim   who cannot be named for legal reasons   had been out clubbing on Saturday July 18 last year and agreed to meet her boyfriend the following morning.Prosecutor David McLachlan told the court she could not get a taxi so opted to walk the mile-and-a-half route.Despite warnings to not cut through the park from her boyfriend, she did   and was confronted by the East African man who dragged her off into a wooded area nearby.He then subjected her to a horrific attack, ripping open her dress before raping her and  chillingly  walking away.Afterwards the woman   covered in dirt and with injuries to her back and neck   ran to her boyfriend s house and he raised the alarm.Michael O Brien, defending Abhra, read out part of a letter of apology from his client, which went:  This was an un-Christian act and I did a horrible thing to this woman. I ask for forgiveness. Ahbra was granted asylum for five years in June 2014 after claiming he was forced to flee his native country after being conscripted to the Eritrean army aged 18.Ahbra, who has no previous convictions and spoke through a Tigrignan interpreter, claimed he had no memory of the attack as he was too inebriated.Ahbra held his hand to his eyes as David Aubrey QC sentenced him before he made the sign of the cross as he was led down in to custody.Judge Aubrey told him:  You watched her, you followed her, pursued her, threatened her and raped her before, somewhat chillingly, walking away calmly. I cannot ignore the tragic irony of this case that you attacked her next to a church. Afterwards Merseyside Police Det Insp Terry Davies said: There is no doubt that this had had a significant impact on his young victim, who will now have to live with this for the rest of her life. Via: Express UK",politics,"Jan 17, 2016"
BREAKING UDATE: IRAN CONFIRMS $1.7 BILLION Was RANSOM Payment For Prisoners And NOT Part Of “Nuclear Deal” ORIGINAL STORY: OBAMA AND KERRY Agree To Give Iran $1.7 BILLION U.S. Taxpayer Dollars As “Settlement”,"Whiskey Tango Foxtrot!The United States  sent Iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest, and the money was disbursed as a ransom payment for four American hostages of the Islamic regime, a top Iranian commander said Wednesday afternoon. Therefore, the U.S. paid the Iranian regime $425 million dollars per American hostage, according to the commander. The annulment of sanctions against Iran s Bank Sepah and reclaiming of $1.7mln of Iran s frozen assets after 36 years showed that the US doesn t understand anything but the language of force,  said Iranian Basij Commander Brig Gen Mohammed Reza Naqdi, addressing his forces in Tehran. This money was returned for the freedom of the US spy and it was not related to the (nuclear) negotiations,  he claimed, according to state-controlled Fars News Agency.Four Americans who were held hostage by the Islamic Republic   Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati, Pastor Saeed Abedini, and Nosratollah Khosrawi Roudsari (who decided to stay in Iran)   were part of the deal that included the ransom payment, along with the release of seven Iranians who were sitting in American jails on charges of thwarting international sanctions, and the delisting of 14 Iranian nationals from Interpol s Red List, which seeks international criminals for extradition.A fifth American, Matthew Trevithick, who was imprisoned by Tehran, was also released, but under the terms of a separate deal, according to reports.The U.S. State Department tells Breitbart News that the payment to Iran was  separate but simultaneous,  and not a ransom. We did not pay ransom to secure the return of these Americans. The funds that were transferred to Iran were part of a separate but simultaneous arrangement we agreed to with Iran related to the U.S.-Iran Claims Tribunal at the Hague,  a State Department spokesperson told Breitbart News late Wednesday.State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters earlier on Wednesday in Washington that no ransom was paid, rejecting the remarks of the Iranian commander. There was no bribe, there was no ransom, there was nothing paid to secure the return of these Americans who were, by the way, not spies. We ve spoken to this in the days after their release on Sunday morning in great detail about how this process worked. There was this consular channel that was opened up to secure their release,  Toner said. Via: Breitbart NewsHere is the question we posed after discovering the interesting timing of this $1.7 BILLION payment to Iran while 4 American prisoners were being simultaneously released:Was this transfer of funds to a terrorist state (via the American taxpayer), the REAL reason the prisoners  (hostages) Iran was holding were suddenly released? Did the incompetent Obama-Kerry duo use this  settlement  as a bargaining chip to make it appear as though freeing these hostages was part of the Iran nuclear deal all along? This is absolutely sickening The United States and Iran on Sunday settled a longstanding claim at the Hague, releasing to Tehran $400 million in funds frozen since 1981 plus $1.3 billion in interest, the State Department said.The funds were part of a trust fund once used by Iran to purchase military equipment from the United States but which was tied up for decades in litigation at the Iran-US Claims Tribunal.The settlement announcement was made after Tehran released five American detainees in a prisoner swap as a nuclear deal was implemented. Via: Business Insider ",politics,"Jan 17, 2016"
WATCH HILLARY SQUIRM When Mainstream Media Asks If She Plans To Watch “13 Hours” Movie,"Hillary was too busy to be bothered with making Benghazi a safer place for Ambassador Stevens, so it should really come as no surprise that she s too busy to watch  13 HOURS,  the true story of Benghazi. By the way, whoever told Hillary that calling the families of the four men killed in Benghazi  liars,  just as the true story of what really happened under her watch is coming out in theaters nationwide, should be fired One of the enduring mysteries of the Benghazi tragedy is why anyone ever took seriously Hillary Clinton s blaming some obscure maker of a YouTube video for the attack. That mystery, however, is dwarfed by the way the media try to pretend that Hillary s denials of that happening are anything other than bald-faced (that bald-face would be pasty white, wrinkled, and bewhiskered). In testimony elicited by the Benghazi Committee and in released emails, it has become apparent that no one ever thought the video was to blame and Clinton has, herself, attempted to claim that she never blamed the video.Now there is a new  wrinkle  to the story. Hillary told the families that the video was the cause of the attack that led to the deaths of their family members. Now she is saying they are lying.First, there is her statement when she, shamelessly, stood in the hangar at Dover AFB as the bodies of the dead men returned home:CLINTON: Many others from across the Middle East and North Africa have offered similar sentiments.This has been a difficult week for the State Department and for our country. We ve seen the heavy assault on our post in Benghazi that took the lives of those brave men. We ve seen rage and violence directed at American embassies over an awful Internet video that we had nothing to do with.Then we have the families themselves:Transcript via TownhallTyrone Woods  father (who took notes about their meeting):  I gave Hillary a hug and shook her hand. And she said we are going to have the film maker arrested who was responsible for the death of my son She said   the filmmaker who was responsible for the death of your son Sean Smith s mother:  She s absolutely lying. She told me something entirely different at the casket ceremony. She said it was because of the video. Sean Smith s uncle:  Mrs. Clinton really has a problem embracing the truth. Glen Doherty s sister:  When I think back now to that day and what she knew, it shows me a lot about her character that she would choose in that moment to basically perpetuate what she knew was untrue. On ABC s This Week, Clinton family retainer, George Stephanopoulos, revisited the issue   I have no idea why other than some misbegotten effort to  set the record straight    and got this response:https://youtu.be/jAUDS-aLGjISTEPHANOPOULOS: Did you tell them it was about the film? And what s your response?CLINTON: No. You know, look I understand the continuing grief at the loss that parents experienced with the loss of these four brave Americans. And I did testify, as you know, for 11 hours. And I answered all of these questions. Now, I can t   I can t help it the people think there has to be something else there. I said very clearly there had been a terrorist group, uh, that had taken responsibility on Facebook, um, between the time that, uh, I   you know, when I talked to my daughter, that was the latest information; we were, uh, giving it credibility. And then we learned the next day it wasn t true. In fact, they retracted it. This was a fast-moving series of events in the fog of war and I think most Americans understand that.So we have Hillary blaming the video at the arrival of the caskets. We have all four families agreeing that they were told it was a video. We have Hillary on record blaming the video in the week after the attack. And now she says it never happened.This woman is a pathological liar. The sad thing is that she could probably pass a lie detector test. Via: Red State ",politics,"Jan 17, 2016"
MUSLIM ASSIMILATION UPDATE: Migrants Arrested For STONING Transgender Women In GERMANY,"This is a story is for anyone who thinks these Muslim migrants are going to change their stone-age tactics because they are living at the expense of taxpayers in another country. Three young men from North Africa were arrested on Saturday in the western German city of Dortmund for stoning two transgender women.According to a report on Friday on television station SAT1.NRW, the men attacked Yasmine und Elisa, two transgender women, near the city s main train station. Within seconds we were tossed around and they took stones from a gravel bed on the corner and threw them at us,  said Elisa.A police car appeared at the train station as the stoning attack unfolded and arrested the men.The German media as a general rule do not disclose the last names of victims to protect their privacy. The three men are between 16 and 18 years-old and are known to the authorities from theft and assault arrests.Dortmund police official Kim-Ben Freigang said the suspects told the police that  such persons must be stoned. Yasmine installed a security camera at the residence where she lives with Elisa after the attacks.  That was barbaric what they did. They are barbarians,  Yasmine said.She added that she could not believe that such an act of shamelessness occurred.  In 2016, in Germany, with stoning!  According to the SATI.NRW report, Yasmine said it was the first time in 30 years she felt unsafe as a transgender woman.According to Yasmine and Elisa, the three young men propositioned them, but after they realized that Yasmine and Elisa are transgender women, they attacked them with stones.Stoning people to death is a penalty used in nine Muslim-majority countries. In November, a criminal court in Iran s northern province of Gilan sentenced a woman to be executed by stoning for alleged complicity in the murder of her husband, Arash Babaieepour Tabrizinejad. Via: Jerusalem Post",politics,"Jan 16, 2016"
"MEET CLASSY “F*ck the police, F*ck the NRA, F*ck the law” Professor Who Met With Obama After Speech","What a nice role model for young Americans who hope to someday grow up to be a Saul Alinsky radical just like Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoero. Don t you think America is owed an explanation as to why this scumbag was able to meet with Obama following his speech a couple days ago in Omaha? A University of Nebraska-Omaha university professor who used a December 28 Facebook tirade to say  F**k the law,   F**k police,  and  F**k the NRA  was allowed to meet President Obama after his January 13 speech in Omaha.The professor s name is Amanda Gailey. She is also the director of Nebraskans Against Gun Violence.Here is Gailey s Facebook rant in it s entirety:F**k the society that has allowed itself to become so saturated in guns that it s plausible a child might have one at a park. F**k the laws that allow toy makers to make toys that look like real guns and that allow gun makers to make guns that look like toys. F**k racists who think black children look like adults. F**k a legal and police system that allows grown white men to pose with sniper rifles on a university campus or in a grocery store and allows insurrectionists to train guns on government agents with no consequences but sounds the alarms when a black child is carrying a toy gun. F**k police officers who undertook a job that carries inherent risk but think any perceived threat to them whatsoever justifies instantaneous lethal force. F**k police officers who pull up as close as possible to an alleged threat so that they can execute the person as quickly as possible without assessing the situation first. F**k prosecutors who can indict a ham sandwich but can t indict a cop who executed a child. And f**k the NRA for greasing this machine every fucking day with the blood of American children.On January 14 weeks after the original post was put up Gailey put up another post in which she attempted to explain that her criticism of police was limited to  bad-apple officers,  not good ones. And she was specifically outraged by the fact that the no charges were filed against officers who shot 195 pound, 12-year-old Tamir Rice after a 911 dispatcher told officers  a young man [was] playing with a weapon and pointing it at people outside of a local recreation center. Gailey wrote:I did write a Facebook post that expressed my outrage at the police shooting of a 12-year-old child and the failure to indict the bad-apple police officers involved. My criticism of the police was limited to those officers who engage in that kind of policing, which I believe is clear in my post. I did not malign the police in general, nor did I want to, because I respect the many good officers who serve our communities and have even helped me in the past. I know that most police officers are doing hard work in hard conditions, and they are in the front lines of a society saturated in guns, facing threats that police in our peer nations do not. They are key players in our struggle for safe and fair communities.This is Gailey s explanation for  F**k the police  as well as  F**k the society,   F**k the laws,  and  F**k the NRA,  among other things.  Via: Breitbart NewsHere is a screen shot of her Facebook rant: ",politics,"Jan 15, 2016"
MARKET CRASH! Obama’s Speech 3 Days Ago: “Anyone claiming that America’s economy is in decline is lying” [VIDEO],"1.5 TRILLION Net Wealth Lost In 15 Days!It s never about America, when it comes to this fraud.  It s not about telling the truth about our economy or about the accepting responsibility for 93.8 million unemployed Americans. It s only about this egomaniac and his false legacy The stock market route is starting to get really expensive   destroying $2.3 trillion from the market s top last year and $1.5 trillion in net wealth just this year.The giant companies that predominantly populate the Standard & Poor s 500 have fallen an average of 9.2% this year   which when translated into dollars   is real money. Real big money. The S&P 500 is down 8.1% this year already   including another 2.3% Friday   in what s been one of the worst starts to a year ever. Since the market peak on May 21, 2015, the market has declined 11.9%.Here s our Liar In Chief, who s clearly more concerned about his legacy than the actual truth:Latest on markets:The biggest wealth destroyers in the S&P 500 from the high have been gadget maker Apple (AAPL), pipeline company Kinder Morgan (KMI) and corporate software company Oracle (ORCL)   crushing $224 billion, $63 billion and $49.6 billion in market value, respectively, from the May 21, 2015 top.S&P 500 STOCKS THAT DESTROYED THE MOST SHAREHOLDER WEALTH FROM THE MAY 21, 2015 TOPCompany, Symbol, % lost from high, $ market value erased from the high ($ billions)Apple, AAPL, -26.9%, -$224.4Kinder Morgan, KMI, -69.5%, -$63.5Berkshire Hathaway, BRKA, -22.7%, -$49.6Wal-Mart Stores, WMT, -13.3%, -$47.5Qualcomm, QCOM, -18.3%, -$46.4Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAYThis year, most of the money is being shredded by the giant companies that many U.S. investors loaded up on during the bull including gadget maker Apple, online retailer Amazon.com (AMZN) and online advertising firm Alphabet (GOOGL).When it comes to destroying market value, Apple is in a class of its own. The company has erased a staggering $51.1 billion in investor wealth this year following its 8.8% decline this year to $96 a share. More than $200 billion in market value has been erased by just this one stock from the market high   which is more than a vast majority of big companies are worth.Red hot retailer Amazon is down a whopping 16% this year   after more than doubling in value in 2015. That means investors in Amazon are down $49 billion this year.Google s parent Alphabet is also taking the shredder to investors  money   falling 8.6% this year to $46.2 billion.When you see how much money is being erased by the biggest companies   you can see why this sell-off is getting uncomfortable   and expensive.Nothing s changed in the past 6 years. He s still lying. Too bad our friend, Rep. Joe Wilson (R-SC) wasn t available for comment at this year s SOTU.S&P 500 STOCKS THAT DESTROYED THE MOST SHAREHOLDER WEALTH THIS YEARCompany, Symbol, % lost YTD, $ market value erased YTD ($ billions)Apple, AAPL, -8.8%, -$51.1Amazon.com, AMZN, -15.6%, -$49.3Alphabet, GOOGL, -8.6%, -$46.2Microsoft, MSFT, -7.8%, -$34.4JPMorgan Chase, JPM, -13.4%, -$32.7Facebook, FB, -9.9%, -$29.4Wells Fargo, WFC, -9.9%, -$27.5Citigroup, C, -17.4%, -$26.9General Electric, GE, -8.4%, -$24.6Bank of America, BAC, -14%, -$24.5Intel, INTC, -14%, -$24.5Cisco Systems, CSCO, -11.8%, -$16.2Home Depot, HD, -9.3%, -$15.6Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY",politics,"Jan 15, 2016"
CAUGHT ON TAPE: RNC Committeeman Urges Republicans To Rally Against Trump [Video],"Is the Republican establishment is in panic mode over Trump s staying power in nationwide GOP polls? Instead of sitting around gnashing their teeth, perhaps they should let the voters decide you know,try something new and actually listen to the American people  Your thoughts?A Republican National committeeman delivered a call-to-arms against Donald Trump during a closed-door GOP meeting on Thursday, urging his colleagues to take a forceful stand against those who he said are destroying the party s brand.At a breakfast at the RNC winter meeting, Holland Redfield, an RNC committeeman who represents the minority-rich Virgin Islands, rose to address party Chairman Reince Priebus. In the five-minute impromptu speech, a video recording of which Redfield provided to POLITICO, Redfield did not explicitly mention Trump s name. But he made clear that angry voices in the party pose a grave threat to the GOP s future, and expressed alarm at what he described as crushing pressure to play nice. You can argue with me, but we re almost terrorized as members of our party.  Shut up. Toe the line, embrace each other, and let s go forward.  I understand that. But there is a limit to loyalty. I am loyal to this party by speaking out on these very issues,  he said at the private breakfast meeting.At one point, Redfield essentially argued that those in the room have been held hostage by Trump s threat to run as a third-party candidate if the party hierarchy treats him unfairly. Read more: Politico",politics,"Jan 15, 2016"
2 MILLION HITS IN 2 DAYS: See Why Trump’s “USA Freedom Kids” Are A YUGE Viral Hit! [VIDEO],"The lyrics seem to have been inspired by Donald s  Trumpisms.  These are not your typical little beauty pageant girls. These girls are rockin  liberty and Trump s fans can t get enough of them!Watch, and you ll see why this video has already received over 2 million hits in 2 days:",politics,"Jan 15, 2016"
BREAKING: Obama Administration To Expand Number Of Refugees Brought To America,"So basically the Obama administration is making it easier for Central American illegals to come to America without just sneaking in. John Kerry and Obama should be called out on this effort to totally flood America with Central Americans and Muslims. YOU ARE PAYING FOR THIS! I cannot stress enough how bad this is for America. Entire towns have been broken with the influx of  refugees . Now, by expanding the definition of refugee to include the illegal aliens from Central America, we re going to be INCREASING  the number on the dole to nearly 100,000. PLEASE make the effort to contact ANY or ALL of your elected officials to raise heck about this. WE CANNOT AFFORD THIS!The United States will increase the number of refu gees it admits to allow in more people fleeing violence in Central America, Secretary of State John F. Kerry said Wednesday.In a speech at the National Defense University, Kerry said the expansion of the Refugee Admissions Program will be directed toward people from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, to  offer them a safe and legal alternative to the dangerous journey many are currently tempted to begin, making them easy prey for human smugglers who have no interest but their own profits. The United States already plans to admit 85,000 refugees from around the world in the fiscal year that began in October, but only 3,000 spaces are set aside for Central Americans. The total allotment is 15,000 more refugees than in the previous year and includes 10,000 Syrians referred by the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees under a special vetting process that typically takes 18 to 24 months. The ceiling for refugees is even higher for 2017, when it will rise to 100,000.Kerry did not say how many more Central American refugees would be admitted and when the expansion would take effect.The State Department said refugees will be selected for resettlement in the United States in collaboration with the UNHCR and a number of nongovernmental agencies it works with to orient and relocate new refugees around the country. Among those who will be considered in need of refu gee protection are people targeted by criminal gangs, human rights defenders and  those who may be at imminent risk of harm. Since the Syrian crisis began with peaceful anti-government protests in 2011, the United States has donated more than $4.5 billion in humanitarian aid related to Syrians alone. Most has gone directly to help shelter, feed and clothe refugees, but some has helped governments in neighboring countries that are burdened with massive numbers of refugees. Officials say that helping refugees near the countries they have fled will prevent them from going to other countries, as has happened in Europe when humanitarian aid to Syrians dried up.Read more: WaPo",politics,"Jan 15, 2016"
"THEY KNEW! Federal Government Knew Flint, MI Water Was POISONED, Kept It Hidden…10 Have Already Died","This story is for anyone who believes the government is capable of basic addition. Even though this news is out there for everyone to see, the Left continues to use this crisis as an opportunity to try to pin the gross negligence of the EPA on the Republican Governor of Michigan. Flint, MI is a Democrat ruled, crime ridden, poverty stricken hell-hole. Stay tuned for the  environmental injustice  narrative Obama will soon be pushing. He s just waiting for the right time to demand federal funds be funneled into Democrat ruled, failing cities across America you know, to prevent further environmental crises. We all know #BlackLivesMatter would have already been there if someone was able to pin this on the rich, white Republican Governor of MI The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s top Midwest official said her department knew as early as April about the lack of corrosion controls in Flint s water supply   a situation that likely put residents at risk for lead contamination   but said her hands were tied in bringing the information to the public.Starting with inquiries made in February, the federal agency battled Michigan s Department of Environmental Quality behind the scenes for at least six months over whether Flint needed to use chemical treatments to keep lead lines and plumbing connections from leaching into drinking water. The EPA did not publicize its concern that Flint residents  health was jeopardized by the state s insistence that such controls were not required by law.Instead of moving quickly to verify the concerns or take preventative measures, federal officials opted to prod the DEQ to act, EPA Region 5 Administrator Susan Hedman told The Detroit News this week. Hedman said she sought a legal opinion on whether the EPA could force action, but it wasn t completed until November.The state didn t agree to apply corrosion controls until late July and didn t publicly concede until October that it erroneously applied the federal Lead and Copper Rule overseeing water quality.An EPA water expert, Miguel Del Toral, identified potential problems with Flint s drinking water in February, confirmed the suspicions in April and summarized the looming problem in a June internal memo. The state decided in October to change Flint s drinking water source from the corrosive Flint River back to the Detroit water system.Critics have charged Hedman with attempting to keep the memo s information in-house and downplaying its significance.As soon as the lack of corrosion controls became apparent, state and federal officials should have acted to protect the public, said Virginia Tech researcher Marc Edwards, whose water analysis in 2015 helped uncover Flint s lead contamination. At that point, you do not just have smoke, you have a three-alarm fire and should respond immediately,  said Edwards, who, along with the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan, has obtained dozens of key documents related to Flint s crisis through public record requests.  There was no sense of urgency at any of the relevant agencies, with the obvious exception of Miguel Del Toral, and he was silenced and discredited. About five months after being alerted to the lack of corrosion controls, a researcher at Hurley Medical Center in Flint began in August detecting high levels of lead in the bloodwork of city children. Lead poisoning can cause learning disabilities and, at high levels, may lead to seizures, coma and death, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.Hedman defended her agency s handling of the Flint water situation, saying her water quality staff repeatedly worked to convince the DEQ that corrosion controls were needed   to no avail. Let s be clear, the recommendation to DEQ (regarding the need for corrosion controls) occurred at higher and higher levels during this time period,  Hedman said in a Detroit News interview.  And the answer kept coming back from DEQ that  no, we are not going to make a decision until after we see more testing results.   Michigan Governor Rick Snyder announced yesterday that 10 people have died from Legionnaire s disease in Flint, Mich. Eighty-seven cases of Legionnaire s disease have been found in and around Flint in the past 18 months.Flint s long-running water problems with drinking water have shaken Michigan s government, leading to last month s resignation of DEQ Director Dan Wyant and last week s state declaration of an emergency in the city. An independent task force appointed by Gov. Rick Snyder to review the situation placed the bulk of the blame for Flint s crisis on the DEQ.The federal government s actions are worth exploring, said Chris Kolb, co-chairman of the task force. We have made a request to speak with a number of EPA employees,  said Kolb, president of the Michigan Environmental Council and a former Democratic state representative.Flint s water crisis gained a national profile in the past week, as President Barack Obama s chief of staff said Sunday the White House is  very concerned  and is monitoring the situation  very closely.  Former Obama Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a Democratic presidential hopeful, called on the administration Tuesday to  step up  with assistance for Flint as well as do an  expedited review  of the city s water infrastructure.DEQ-EPA battleDEQ and EPA staffers were at loggerheads over dueling interpretations of the Lead and Copper Rule   a 25-year-old regulation designed to protect drinking water from metals contamination. The interpretation of the rule proved to be crucial after the city   under Snyder-appointed emergency managers   switched from Lake Huron water provided by the Detroit system to Flint River water as a cost-saving move in the spring of 2014.Following the switch, DEQ officials argued water testing, including two six-month periods of sampling, needed to be completed before making a decision on the need for corrosion controls. EPA officials, according to Hedman, wanted the controls implemented immediately out of concern for public health.If they knew Flint s lack of corrosion measures would likely result in lead reaching the drinking water   by June, testing would show it had   why didn t EPA officials inform the public when the DEQ failed to act?Hedman said federal law clearly lays out the state and federal responsibilities in overseeing safe drinking water. The EPA s role is to establish treatment standards and monitoring techniques, and provide technical assistance, she said. The state acts as the primary regulator of water operations. It is important to understand the clear roles here,  Hedman said.  Communication about lead in drinking water and the health impacts associated with that, that s the role of DHHS, the county health department and the drinking water utility. In addition, EPA officials argue that there wasn t sufficient early evidence for any sweeping steps to be taken.Hedman said the EPA talked with its legal counsel about its authority to compel action   a question that wouldn t be straightened out for months. In the interim, she said her agency urged Michigan to have its Department of Health and Human Services provide information on precautions for residents.EPA s lack of urgencyBut critics such as Edwards contend Hedman acted with no urgency, even behind the scenes. A week after the June 24 memo was circulated, an email exchange between Hedman and then-Flint Mayor Dayne Walling showed no sense of alarm over the threat to public health and more concern about procedure. The preliminary draft report should not have been released outside the agency,  Hedman wrote in the July 1 email.  When the report has been revised and fully vetted by EPA management, the findings and recommendations will be shared with the city and DEQ will be responsible for following up with the city. The revised and vetted memo was released four months later   in November. Edwards has described Del Toral s original memo as  100 percent accurate  in its assessment of the looming problem.Flint s drinking water ills led to the resignations last month of both Wyant and DEQ spokesman Brad Wurfel. It also caused the October reassignment of Liane Shekter Smith, then chief of DEQ s Office of Drinking Water and Municipal Assistance. The crisis prompted Snyder to switch Flint back over to the Detroit water system in mid-October until a new regional water authority using Lake Huron as its source is completed later this year.Despite all of the moves, officials warn that unfiltered Flint water is still not safe to drink.There has been no fallout for federal environmental officials. There s been a failure at all levels to accurately assess the scale of the public health crisis in Flint, and that problem is ongoing,  said state Senate Minority Leader Jim Ananich, D-Flint.  However, the EPA s Miguel Del Toral did excellent work in trying to expose this disaster. Anyone who read his memo and failed to act should be held accountable to the fullest extent of the law. Congressman Dan Kildee, D-Flint Township, stressed that the lion s share of responsibility for Flint s situation lies with the state DEQ.Yet he has questions about how the Lead and Copper Rule   ostensibly a safeguard for the public   may have contributed to EPA s response. If changes are necessary, he wants them made. There is a legitimate concern about EPA s performance in terms of alerting the public,  Kildee said.  And frankly, as a member of Congress, I want to know when there s the potential of a health crisis in my district.   Via: The Detroit News",politics,"Jan 15, 2016"
BOOM! Danish Government Considers Seizing Migrant’s Valuables To Pay For Benefits,"Is the European gravy train finally coming to an end?The Danish parliament is considering a bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their benefits.The leftists are very upset about this commonsense legislation. Daily Sabah reported:A controversial Danish bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their stay in asylum centers looks set to pass in parliament after the government on Tuesday secured a parliamentary majority.Parliament was set to begin a series of debates on the bill yesterday, ahead of a vote on Jan. 26. Faced with a storm of criticism, Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen, whose right-wing Venstre party is behind the plan, called it  the most misunderstood bill in Denmark s history. His minority government and its right-wing allies, the far-right Danish People s Party (DPP), the Liberal Alliance and the Conservative People s Party, reached an agreement on the bill on Tuesday with the opposition Social Democrats, meaning it is now supported by a majority of parties in parliament.The amended bill would allow Danish authorities to seize migrants  cash exceeding 10,000 kroner ($1,450), as well as any individual items valued at more than 10,000 kroner.Via: Gateway Pundit",politics,"Jan 14, 2016"
HARD CORE: Ten GITMO Detainees Released To Oman,"Ten more hard core prisoners from GITMO have been released only to go to Oman where they ll probably continue their terrorist ways. The recidivism rate for former detainees is pretty high so we can only assume The Obama administration on Thursday quietly transferred 10 Yemeni detainees from the prison at Guantanamo Bay to neighboring Oman   so quietly, in fact, that the news was first reported by state-run Middle East news agencies. And once the news got to Capitol Hill, it set off alarm bells given the host country s proximity to Al Qaeda s most active branch.The transfer is the largest batch of detainees shipped out of the Cuba prison camp so far this year. It is part of a wave of transfers as the administration steps up efforts to shrink the prison population, with the ultimate goal of closing the facility despite congressional resistance.Fox News reported earlier this week that the 10 detainees were slated for transfer, but the destination at the time was not known. The state-run Oman News Agency published a brief statement Thursday morning saying the detainees had arrived in Oman. Read more: FOX News",politics,"Jan 14, 2016"
IS GOP ESTABLISHMENT Responsible For Pro-Amnesty Spanish Version Of Nikki Haley’s GOP Response To Obama’s SOTU? [Video],"This is a very big development. We all knew the GOP establishment has been pandering to pro-amnesty corporations and the Chamber of Commerce, but this is a new low, even for the GOP establishment There is a bigger controversy about to break wide-open that s potentially far more significant than Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell approving Nikki Haley s non-subtle attack on GOP frontrunner Donald Trump. That bigger controversy is the Spanish version of the GOP State of the Union rebuttal containing an  amnesty pledge .As this is written, Governor Nikki Haley is trying to get out ahead of the building expose . Haley just gave a DC press conference claiming she does not support  amnesty ; however, against her earlier admission of Speaker Ryan and Leader McConnell approving her script   the Spanish version must have held similar approvals.Governor Haley gave the English version, Miami Representative and party-insider Mario Diaz-Barlat delivered it in Spanish.ENGLISH:SPANISH:Here s a (paragraph by paragraph) comparison as translated by the Miami Herald (emphasis mine):  English (Via Haley): No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love our traditions should ever feel unwelcome in this country.Spanish (Via Diaz-Barlat): No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love the United States should ever feel unwelcome in this country. It s not who we are.  English: At the same time, that does not mean we just flat out open our borders. We can t do that. We cannot continue to allow immigrants to come here illegally. And in this age of terrorism, we must not let in refugees whose intentions cannot be determined.Spanish: At the same time, it s obvious that our immigration system needs to be reformed. The current system puts our national security at risk and is an obstacle for our economy.  English: We must fix our broken immigration system. That means stopping illegal immigration. And it means welcoming properly vetted legal immigrants, regardless of their race or religion. Just like we have for centuries.Spanish: It s essential that we find a legislative solution to protect our nation, defend our borders, offer a permanent and human solution to those who live in the shadows, respect the rule of law, modernize the visa system and push the economy forward.  English: I have no doubt that if we act with proper focus, we can protect our borders, our sovereignty and our citizens, all while remaining true to America s noblest legacies.Spanish: I have no doubt that if we work together, we can achieve this and continue to be faithful to the noblest legacies of the United States.It is important to remember the backdrop to this current dual narrative (one the GOPe leadership want to say publicly and one they wish to keep hidden).Back in June 2014 Speaker John Boehner was only two days away from calling up the vote on the Senate  gang-of-eight  amnesty bill, when House Majority Leader Eric Cantor was defeated in the Virginia Primary.Mario Diaz Balart along with Paul Ryan and Luis V. Gutierrez were in secret negotiations throughout the spring/summer of 2014 planning the pathway for comprehensive immigration reform. John Boehner asked Kevin McCarthy to  whip the house  and identify if they had votes for passage:[ ] On Tuesday June 10th Speaker Boehner, Eric Cantor (Majority Leader) and Kevin McCarthy (Majority Whip) had lunch together discussing timing the vote Thursday night or Friday Morning.However, later that same night the results from the 2014 Virginia primary showed an unknown conservative outsider, Dave Brat, had defeated (primaried) Eric Cantor. At 7:00pm Tuesday night the first word went out that Cantor had lost.~ Full Back StorySo this hidden narrative within the 2016 Republican State of the Union Rebuttal should come as no surprise. Comprehensive Immigration Reform is the GOPe agenda they continue to hide from the electorate.Via: Conservative Treehouse",politics,"Jan 14, 2016"
THIS INTERNATIONAL COMPANY Is Luring Refugees And Illegals To America…Do You Buy Meat From Them?,"Are you tired of supporting companies who are couldn t care less about the future of this nation? Are you tired of giving jobs to people who break laws to enter our country or who are being vetted by the UN and coming here through a State Department sponsored program on our dime? Then take a stand and STOP supporting them! When I saw the article at the Wall Street Journal this morning that gushes about how wonderful it is that the International Rescue Committee is giving out loans to refugees to start businesses, but goes on to talk about the industries in need of cheap immigrant labor, I wanted to scream.Four meat giants are changing the face of rural America, Cargill is one of those. It is all about cheap labor! It is all about money!Meet globalist and CEO of Cargill, David MacLennan, in Davos. One of the key players in changing rural towns in America by working with the US State Department and refugee contractors to bring in large numbers of Somali workers.Today we posted about how Amarillo, TX is under enormous social and economic tension. It is Cargill that was originally responsible for overloading (with the help of UN/US State Department refugee resettlement contractors) that city.Last week it was Cargill caving to CAIR demands in a dispute about prayer break times at their plant in Ft. Morgan, CO.One of the most important features of this new blog  American Resistance 2016! is to showcase the enemy. I want those responsible for mass migration to America to become household names! Here is a list of the products you will find on Cargill s website: Swift Pork productsList of Beef productsList of Chicken productsList of additional FOOD productsHere is a map showing Cargill s facilities across North America:And, for your work in Election 2016, I want you all to identify which of your elected officials are in the pockets of BIG MEAT! and expose them!Refugee resettlement is not about  humanitarianism!  It is about globalists and greedy industries wanting to improve their bottom lines the social and economic condition of your towns and cities be damned! Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",politics,"Jan 14, 2016"
"OBAMA GIVES UN Authority To Vet 9,000 “Refugees” From Latin America To U.S.","As Obama begins his campaign for UN General Secretary on the US taxpayer s dime, keep a close eye on the many responsibilities of our federal government he ll be ceding to a corrupt body of human rights violators and political whores. Remember when people used to laugh at Americans who talked about a  one world order?   It s not so funny anymore, is it? The Obama administration is turning to the United Nations to help screen migrants fleeing violence in Central America, senior administration officials said Tuesday, and to help set up processing centers in several Latin American countries in the hopes of stemming a flood of families crossing the southern border illegally.Designed to head off migrants from three violence-torn countries in the region before they start traveling to the United States, the new refugee resettlement program will be announced by Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday in Washington. Under the plan, the United Nations refugee agency will work with the United States to set up processing centers in several nearby countries, where migrants would be temporarily out of danger.As it does in other places, the United Nations will determine if the migrants could be eligible for refugee status. The administration officials said thousands   perhaps as many as 9,000   migrants each year from the three countries, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, could eventually settle in the United States. But some refugees would also be sent to other countries in the hemisphere, officials said.For entire story: NYT",politics,"Jan 14, 2016"
DID IRAN RELEASE This Footage Of Captured U.S. Sailor Apologizing To Humiliate America?,"And what about the female sailor in the headscarf? What was that all about? Do all the female hostages of Iranian Revolutionary Guard have to wear headscarfs so as not to offend them? This whole capture of the Navy boats and the hostage taking of our U.S. Sailors just wreaks of something that s been in the workings and was not as spontaneous as Obama s spokes liar would have us believe Iranian state-controlled news outlet Tasnim released video Wednesday afternoon that shows a U.S. sailor apologizing for purportedly infringing upon Tehran s sovereignty.Pictures published by #Iran state TV from the moment #US marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/bcEKaJGPb9  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Pictures published by #Iran state TV from the moment #US marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/YQakdKmqi3  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016On Tuesday, Iran seized two U.S. naval boats, arguing they illegally entered Iran s territorial waters. The Pentagon said they encountered mechanical troubles, forcing their boats to go off course.First footage from the moment when #US sailors were captured by #Iran's #IRGC. #Marines pic.twitter.com/7BeJLlGfNn  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Part 2: First footage from the moment when #US sailors were captured by #Iran's #IRGC.#marines pic.twitter.com/vFyto44oGD  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Footage of #US marines having Iranian #food while they were held in #Iran.#marines#navy#Pentagon pic.twitter.com/mtk2J0Yef9  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016 It was a mistake, it was our fault, and we apologize for our mistake,  an unidentified sailor told the Iranian interviewer, who then asked him if his GPS system penetrated Iran.  I believe so,  he responded.#Iran state TV showed a footage in which the commander of #US sailors made an apology.#navy#Pentagon pic.twitter.com/VCdjEZiY54  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016In another segment of the interview, the sailor held by the Iranians is asked,  How was the Iranian behavior with you?  He responds,  The Iranian behavior was fantastic while we were here. We thank you very much for your hospitality and your assistance. Did you have special problem  with us, the interviewer asked.  We have no problem, sir,  the U.S. sailor responded.Video: One of #US sailors says Iranians behavior with them was ""fantastic"" & they had no problem. #Iran pic.twitter.com/vgVlrkzdvh  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016What do you think? Does anyone else believe this was a test run for something more serious?Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Jan 14, 2016"
AWESOME! TED TURNER JR Hammers Commie Loving Hillary And Bernie [Video],I saw this live on Cavuto and it s just so great! Ted Turner jr. is stumping for Ben Carson. You ll love this! ,politics,"Jan 13, 2016"
‘THE DUCK MAN’ Has Spoken: DUCK DYNASTY’S Patriarch Announces His Choice For President In This Great Video,"Don t underestimate the value of securing the Christian vote in this election. The Robertson family endorsement goes a long way towards that goal The patriarch of the Robertson Family, famous for their TV reality show Duck Dynasty, has a lot of sway with his viewers. He has a list of criteria he used to determine who he would endorse for the next President of the United States.Here is the list:First question:  Is he or she Godly? Second question:  Does he or she love us? Third question:  Can he or she do the job? Final question:  Would they kill a duck and put him in a pot and make him a good duck gumbo? I ve looked at the candidates, Ted Cruz fits the bill. Ted Cruz is my man, I m voting for him.   ",politics,"Jan 13, 2016"
MIGRANTS BRUTALLY GANG RAPE 3 YR OLD BOY At Asylum Center In Norway,"The world is stunned by the number of women and children who are being raped by Muslim  refugees  in Europe. Obama just announced today, that he would  aggressively defend  plans to accept  refugees  from Muslim majority nations. He even went so far as to say he would actually increase the number of refugees the US accepts overall this year A three-year-old migrant has allegedly been raped by multiple people at an asylum centre in the Norwegian city of Stavanger.Police are investigating the incident amid claims the boy was abused in the shared common area of the asylum centre, possibly within view of many people. We have no suspects yet,  police superintendent Bj rn K re Dahl told local paper Stavanger Aftenblad.  We are investigating the case as if the worst thing has happened and that we are talking about the rape of a child. He did not rule out that there may be several perpetrators:  We will investigate further to find out what happened. If it is what we fear   a rape   then this is very serious. But we do not know for certain yet. The Local reports the boy has been taken to a rape crisis centre along with his mother and is now at the children s ward in Stavanger Hospital. He has been questioned by authorities along with several others. We also had crime technicians on the site. Material was sent to the Norwegian Institute of Public Health for analysis. There, they will look for DNA among other things,  Mr Dahl added. We had many people at work, both sanitation workers and security guards, but nobody saw anything. But we immediately took the case to the police, as is the routine, and they came out. We have had a good dialogue with them throughout. A spokesman for the asylum centre said they received a phone call about the incident last Wednesday, but did not want to go into details about the conversation. We had many people at work, both sanitation workers and security guards, but nobody saw anything. But we immediately took the case to the police, as is the routine, and they came out. We have had a good dialogue with them throughout,  the spokesman added.There are around 800 migrants at the asylum centre, including men, women and children. The boy was reportedly at the centre with his family. Via: Breitbart London",politics,"Jan 13, 2016"
OBAMA READY TO DO BATTLE With America: Will “aggressively defend” Bringing Muslim Refugees To U.S.,"Thanks to the funding our GOP majority Congress approved at the end of the year, Obama plans to actually increase the number of refugees (Muslims) he will bring to the US. To hell with our national security. It s all about the votes White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough on Wednesday said that the Obama administration is prepared to  aggressively defend  the United States  plans to accept refugees from Syria as some American lawmakers demand that the government apply stricter background checks to refugees from Syria and Iraq.When asked at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast in Washington, D.C. how the administration will address some lawmakers  calls for the government to apply greater scrutiny to certain refugees entering the country, McDonough said that the administration sees the resettlement of Syrian refugees as a priority and also as a policy it will have to defend. My hunch is that it will continue to be controversial, for the reasons the President pointed out in the speech last night,  McDonough said.He said that the administration will continue to make the point that accepting refugees adds  immeasurably to the national interest  and is prepared to put up a fight against those who oppose current policies. We re going to get out there and aggressively defend that,  he said. That will be tough to beat, as it was last year,  McDonough said of the administration s focus on accepting refugees.  And we ll see how it goes. But we won t shy from it. The chief of staff also said that the administration plans to expand the number of refugees the U.S. accepts overall and that he believes the budget passed by Congress allows them to do so.Via: TPM",politics,"Jan 13, 2016"
IRAN Announces Reason For Arresting US Sailors…They Were Teaching Congress A Lesson?,"Of course, our Secretary of State has everything under control. It is being reported, that John Kerry has already apologized to Iran. Obama s total avoidance of this issue during his SOTU speech speaks volumes about how these jack-holes handle a military crisis with terror states It almost makes one wonder if this was Obama s idea? Congress has been standing in the way of his  progress  with Iran for some time now (even some in his own party). And we all know by now, there is really nothing Barack Obama will stop at to get his way Iran s army chief said on Wednesday the seizure of two U.S. navy boats and their 10 sailors should be a lesson to members the U.S. Congress trying to impose new sanctions on Tehran. This incident in the Persian Gulf, which probably will not be the American forces  last mistake in the region, should be a lesson to troublemakers in the U.S. Congress,  Major General Hassan Firouzabadi, head of Iran s armed forces, was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency. Via: Yahoo NewsAli Fadavi, commander of the IRGC Navy, said that Tehran had missiles locked on the United States at the time of the incident. They were in sight of our missiles,  Fadavi said in Persian, according to a statement carried by the IRGC s official news outlet.  If this had happened, it would have led to their annihilation. We had high preparedness with coast-to-sea missiles, rocket-firing fast boats, and various capabilities,  he said.  We prevented their additional irresponsible movement with the statements we broadcasted internationally. It was proven to them that the IRGC Navy has the first and final word. The U.S. cannot stand up to Iran, according to Fadavi. The result of that battle is the annihilation and sinking of their battleships,  he said.  This is while in those 40 minutes [when the U.S. sailors were apprehended], it was clear that Americans were under psychological pressure, to the extent that they did not behave in a manner expected from a professional and responsible force. The Obama administration denied that an apology was offered to Iran. Vice President Joe Biden told CBS that  there was no looking for any apology. When you have a problem with the boat, [do] you apologize the boat had a problem? No,  Biden said.  And there was no looking for any apology. This was just standard nautical practice. Iran  realized [the sailors] were there in distress and said they would release them, and released them like ordinary nations would do,  Biden said.State Department Spokesman John Kirby also issued a denial on Twitter. ",politics,"Jan 13, 2016"
YOU WON’T BELIEVE Why Students In Communist Wisconsin Are No Longer Allowed To Chant “U.S.A.” At Sporting Events [VIDEO],"This is out of control! Is there anything more un-American than telling high school students they aren t allowed to cheer  U.S.A.!  at a sporting event because they may OFFEND someone from another nation?PLEASE CALL the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association in Stevens Point, WI  Phone (715) 344-8580 Let them know how you feel about their decision to prevent students from chanting  USA!  in the United States Of America!The wussification of Wisconsin has begun.Last month the state s governing body for high school athletics declared that chanting  U-S-A, U-S-A,  is unsportsmanlike behavior.The Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association also directed schools to stop fans from booing, or chanting  Air Ball,   Season s Over,   Fundamentals,   Scoreboard,  and  Over-Rated. Any action directed at opposing teams or their spectators with the intent to taunt, disrespect, distract or entice an unsporting behavior in response is not acceptable sportsmanship,  the WIAA wrote in an email obtained by the Post-Crescent.  Student groups, school administrators and event managers should take immediate steps to correct this unsporting behavior. I should point out that a spokesman for the WIAA told television station WISC that the sportsmanship guidelines are a point of reference and  not a requirement. It s up to each school or district to create their own sportsmanship conduct policies and enforcing them with appropriate consequences,  the spokesman told the television station. Wisconsin s football stadiums, basketball arenas and wrestling mats have become safe spaces for the perpetually-offended generation.Vince Lombardi must be rolling over in his grave.Oh, you should see the 40-page sportsmanship manual complied by the fragile snowflakes at the WIAA.Take, for example, the section that frowns on  booing of any kind. If errors in judgment is (sic) made, all are human and we must accept that. Individuals do the best to execute in a way they ve been trained,  the WIAA wrote.They also took issue with the  Na Na Na Na   Hey Hey Hey Goodbye  song. They called it  taunting and disrespectful. The WIAA found the  U-S-A  chant to be problematic, too   along with  any acronym of derogatory language or innuendo. Their guidelines became national news after a high school basketball player got in trouble for posting a profane message about the sportsmanship rules on her Twitter account.April Gehl, an honor s student and basketball standout at Hilbert High School, suggested the WIAA should (let me put this delicately) eat excrement.Based on national media coverage, her opinion was shared by many. Nevertheless, April was suspended for five games. Her family does not plan on appealing the decision.Paul Ackley is the athletic director at McFarland High School. He told WISC that he supports the recommendations. If a kid gets an answer wrong on the white board, they re not going to start chanting,  You can t do that,  he said.  This is not Division I athletics. This is an extension of the classroom and it s education-based. What in the name of Bear Bryant is going on Wisconsin?Granted, you don t want the children hollering out profanities and running around the gym buck-naked. But, these guidelines are not so much about sportsmanship as they are about political correctness.We re talking about high school basketball. It s not a croquet match. Via: FOX News",politics,"Jan 13, 2016"
TOP TEN LIES From Obama’s State Of The Union Speech,"Obama promised to keep his SOTU speech short but he couldn t even keep that promise. For anyone who watched it, it went on and on It was full of fairy tales about pretty much everything. So what s new, right? Obama s been able to lie his way through his entire presidency so why not in his last SOTU speech. We think this list of lies by Joel Pollack of Breitbart News is pretty dead on:1.  We ve done all this while cutting our deficits by almost three-quarters. This is pure fiction. Obama has doubled the national debt, and it s not because he cut the deficit. Rather, he spent staggering amounts of money in his first months in office which he assigns, dishonestly, to the previous fiscal year, under George W. Bush. He  cut  (i.e. spent more gradually) from that spending, but only under protest, after Republicans took the House in 2010.2.  Anyone claiming that America s economy is in decline is peddling fiction. With that line, Obama took a shot at his would-be Democratic successors, as well as his Republican critics. But the truth is that despite the slow recovery the slowest since World War II labor force participation is the lowest it has been in decades. Wages are stagnant, household incomes still have not recovered from the recession, and young people see ableak future.3.  That s what the Affordable Care Act is all about. It s about filling the gaps in employer-based care so that when we lose a job, or go back to school, or start that new business, we ll still have coverage. That is a cruel joke, given that Obamacare canceled insurance coverage for millions of Americans who did not change jobs. It also raised deductibles and premiums so high that many insurance companies are leaving the Obama exchanges totally.4.  Food Stamp recipients didn t cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did.  Actually, food stamp recipients, metaphorically speaking, were indirectly responsible as well as Wall Street sharks. Obama leaves out the government s role, under the Community Reinvestment Act, in pushing mortgages on people who could not afford them, and in backing the derivatives based on those mortgages that ultimately burst the whole bubble.5.  We ve protected an open internet . Obama s policy of Net Neutrality has turned Internet service providers into public utilities under an ancient regulatory regime. The result has been a sharp decline in broadband investment and a much less free and open system. In addition, the Obama administration is rushing to shift control of ICANN to the international community, which will ensure that the Internet is less free, and subject to overseas censorship.6.  Seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history. Here are the results.  It is laughable that Obama would claim his failed clean energy spending think Solyndra led to the fracking-fed energy boom we have enjoyed for the past several years, especially when the administration did all it could to stop oil and gas development. He also nixed the Keystone pipeline and started a plan to kill coal plants.7.  No nation dares to attack us or our allies because they know that s the path to ruin.  Of all the lies in Obama s speech, this was undoubtedly the worst, coming hours after Iran seized two U.S. Navy boats and ten sailors. Obama did not even mention those Americans in captivity at any point in his speech, declining the chance to reassure the nation that they would come home safely. It is an omission that will define this address in history.8.  As someone who begins every day with an intelligence briefing, I know this is a dangerous time.  Obama does not attend most of his daily intelligence briefings, preferring instead to read intelligence reports so he claims on his iPad, a stark contrast to the attentive approach of his predecessor. Late last year, even as Obama claimed that there was little risk from attack, radical Islamic terrorists carried out brutal attacks in Paris and in San Bernardino.9.  We are training, arming, and supporting forces who are steadily reclaiming territory in Iraq and Syria [from Islamic State].  The Obama administration s attempt to train and arm Syrian rebels has been a disaster. Belatedly, the administration has helped Kurdish peshmerga forces, and the Iraqi military has made gains lately, but Obama has not made a serious effort to defeat the Islamic State, and is even giving up on regime change in Syria.10.  Fifty years of isolating Cuba had failed to promote democracy, setting us back in Latin America.  And a year of appeasement has not promoted democracy, either. The Castros remain firmly in power, and we are not helping the opposition. Worse, the Cuban regime continues to arrest thousands of political dissidents, to cozy up to enemies like Iran and North Korea, and to carry out provocative acts such as stealing a U.S. Hellfire missile.Read more: Breitbart News",politics,"Jan 13, 2016"
MAN MAKES VIRAL VIDEO: Demonstrates How Obama Made Himself Cry During Gun Control Speech,"(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Obama Tears Share thisPosted by Dave Sayen on Thursday, January 7, 2016Don t take our word for it, watch Obama s speech on gun control in December, 2012. Pay close attention to the 1:01 mark, where he rubs his left index finger into the corner of his eye (exactly like he did last week) pauses, (like he did last week) puts his head down and pauses a bit longer (waiting for the menthol to work) and then (exactly like last week) he lifts his head and exposes the tears flowing, but only from the eye he put his finger in before tears ever began flowing:This is a character issue. Whether you disagree or agree with his gun control agenda is not the issue here. The point is, if the elected leader of the greatest nation on earth is willing to stand in front of millions and place menthol in his eye in order to make himself cry fake tears, to persuade Americans we need gun control, why should Americans believe ANYTHING he has to say?",politics,"Jan 13, 2016"
RUBIO DOUBLES DOWN ON Putting Illegal Aliens Before Americans,"If Rubio isn t smart enough to see that Trump s catapult to the top of the GOP contenders happened the moment he took a strong stand against politicians putting illegal aliens before Americans, then is he really smart enough to run our nation? And maybe even more importantly, if Rubio does recognize the majority of voters across the board want to elect a President who will stop the invasion of illegal aliens into our country, who is he planning to represent if he were to get the nomination?Sen. [score]Marco Rubio[/score] (R-FL) is doubling down on his support for in-state tuition for illegal aliens.On ABC, George Stephanopoulos asked Rubio about his work in the Florida statehouse in which he  co-sponsored legislation to provide in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants.  Stephanopolous asked Rubio directly:  Do you stand behind that position now? Rubio said that he  absolutely  stands behind that legislation:RUBIO: It was a very narrowly drafted bill. You had to have a certain GPA, you had to live in the U.S. a long time, you had to graduate from a Florida high school. It was very narrowly tailored to high-performing students who found themselves in a situation where they were brought here by their parents when they were 5, didn t even speak another language except English and therefore couldn t attend college because they were being charged like they were from out of state. They still had to pay for college but they paid for what people paid when they lived in Florida. They had to be high school graduates of Florida.STEPHANOPOULOS: So you stand behind that?RUBIO: Yes, of a narrowly tailored bill like that, absolutely.In theory, this legislation means that an American student wishing to attend a Florida state university, who is from the neighboring state of Georgia, would have to pay higher tuition costs than an illegal immigrant from El Salvador, who has been living unlawfully in Florida and attending American public schools for the past thirteen years on the taxpayer dime. Illegal aliens are also eligible for generous child tax credits, a benefit protected in the Gang of Eight bill. Indeed, the  taxes  requirement in the Gang of Eight bill would have meant illegal aliens could receive tax payments in the form of free cash from the IRS, since poor illegal aliens have no tax liability.Rubio s plan to discount college tuition for illegal aliens will serve as a further magnet to new illegal immigration, and will also increase competition for college slots and post-college jobs for American youth who are already struggling. Moreover, due to affirmative action policies, these illegal aliens will not have their tuition discounted but their applications given preferential treatment as well.By contrast, front-runner Donald Trump told NBC s Chuck Todd that same day that he opposes Rubio s legislation to give illegal aliens taxpayer-funded tuition discounts.TODD: Senator Rubio sponsored a bill back in Florida (back when he was in the State House) to give in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants. There s a lot of states that allow in-state tuition for the children of undocumented immigrants. I ve not heard your position on that.TRUMP: I m opposed to it.TODD: Totally opposed?TRUMP: They re here. They re not here legally. I m opposed to itTODD: Even kids born to illegal immigrants?It is perhaps interesting to note that Chuck Todd seems a bit confused about U.S. immigration policy illegal alien tuition discounts are for foreign-born youth who are themselves illegal immigrants. Under current policy, the US-born children are automatic birthright citizens, meaning no legislation is required to make them eligible for all the benefits enjoyed by Americans. Indeed, illegal immigrants primarily access welfare programs through their U.S.-born children. As a September 2015 report from the Center for Immigration Studies noted,  analysis shows that legal immigrant households make extensive use of most welfare programs, while illegal immigrant households primarily benefit from food programs and Medicaid through their U.S.-born children. Regardless, Trump made clear in the interview he would ensure that neither illegal alien youth (DREAMers) or birthright citizenship children, would be eligible for such benefits. Trump made clear he would move to eliminate birthright citizenship so that the US-born children of illegal aliens would no longer made automatic citizens. Again, by contrast, Rubio supports birthright citizenship a position which is supported by only 20% of Republicans according to the most recent Rasmussen Reports immigration survey issued on December 27, 2015.Rubio s Sunday endorsement of discount college tuition for the foreign-born illegal alien youth is in keeping with his longstanding support for DREAM amnesty proposals, which have been a passion of Gang of Eight co-member [score]Dick Durbin[/score].While Rubio briefly distanced himself of his support for DREAMer amnesty in 2010 in order to get elected to the U.S. Senate and indeed attacked attacked his opponent [score]Charlie Crist[/score] specifically for his support of the DREAM Act upon arriving in the U.S. Senate, Rubio quickly used his new position of power to begin working on a plan to legalize so-called DREAMers. In 2012, Rubio wrote: They re not in compliance with immigration law, and, thus, not American citizens. But they are culturally as American as anyone else s children Rubio s statement might be news to Laura Wilkerson whose 18-year-old son, Joshua, was gruesomely murdered by his DREAMer classmate. In her Congressional testimony last summer, Wilkerson told lawmakers how her son was,  beaten, strangled, tortured until he died. He was tied up, thrown in a field, and set on fire  [During his trial], we had to hear this kid on the stand muttering about,  In my country   In my country  never to finish that sentence. We listened to him tell us repeatedly that his  killing skills took over .  Wilkerson told lawmakers,  You cannot you cannot stand by and ignore our families   our American families. You re elected by Americans, not any other country. You should be for Americans. Yet Rubio remains so committed to amnesty for illegal immigrants who allegedly entered as minors that he has said he will not immediately revoke President Obama s lawless 2012 executive amnesty for DREAMers. In a Spanish-language interview with Jorge Ramos, Rubio said:  Well, DACA is going to have to end at some point. I wouldn t undo it immediately. The reason is that there are already people who have that permission, who are working, who are studying, and I don t think it would be fair to cancel it suddenly. But I do think it is going to have to end. And, God willing, it s going to end because immigration reform is going to pass. Rejected-Majority Leader [score]Eric Cantor[/score] similarly supported Rubio s efforts to grant amnesty to illegal immigrants. Cantor declared,  One of the great founding principles of our country was that children would not be punished for the mistakes of their parents.  This prompted Cantor s then-primary challenger Rep. [score]Dave Brat[/score] (R-VA) to describe Cantor s declaration as  one of the most radical pro-amnesty statements ever delivered by a sitting representative.  Brat wrote,  In what was billed as a new agenda for the Republican Party, Cantor declared that citizenship for illegals was required by  the great founding principles of our country.  With this remark, Cantor declared his support not only for amnesty now, but amnesty forever. Ken Palinkas, the former head of the nation s immigration caseworkers  Citizenship and Immigration Services has similarly explained how the DREAM Act would represents a promise of  perpetual amnesty :If it is improper to apply immigration law to one specific group of illegal aliens, then why should we expect future illegal aliens in this group to be treated any differently?Indeed, government reports have documented how the 2014 illegal alien minor surge on our southern border was caused, in large part, by the promise of amnesty for alien youth.As Senator [score]Jeff Session[/score] has written,  It cannot be the policy of the United States that any of the 2 billion people in the world who have yet turn to turn 18 have a right to illegally enter the United States and claim residency. Polling data suggests that in the event Rubio s position on this controversial DREAMer amnesty begins to receive large-scale media coverage  something that has not happened yet  it could pose problems for him in New Hamspshire, where he is currently in second place. As The Hill reported in 2014,  More people in New England oppose illegal immigration compared to the rest of the country  Nearly 80 percent of people in that region said illegal immigrants threaten U.S. beliefs and customs,  according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll.New Hampshire also voted for Pat Buchanan in 1996 who, like Trump, is opposed to both the cheaper foreign labor and cheap foreign imports Senator Rubio has sought to import.Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Jan 12, 2016"
"While LIBERAL MEDIA Promotes Hillary, Big Endorsements And Surprising Polls Roll In For Bernie Sanders","It s hard not to notice the liberal media gushing all over Hillary Clinton. CNN defends her every move while hammering Trump on just about everything. Even Obama has said he s not endorsing a candidate but it obvious his best hope for continuing his legacy of far left ideology is with Clinton. They are both students of well known radical Saul Alinsky. MSNBC is another news outlet that loves Hillary and is always pushing her agenda. The only problem is that the Dems didn t get the memo that Bernie Sanders is the guy for the voters and some lefty organizations. Oops! It s clear that Bernie Sanders has taken a rather large lead in the NH polls (14 percent) and that lefty organization Moveon.org just endorsed Sanders. Yes, the writing is on the wall for all to see except the liberal media this should be interesting!CNN had this gushing article today:Obama hopes to pave way for Clinton with farewell State of the UnionThough the White House says Obama will not endorse a candidate in the 2016 primary race, there is no doubt that he has long seen Clinton as the best hope for preserving his legacy.In fact, that belief was one reason many people in the administration s inner circle were wary of a run by Vice President Joe Biden. I think Barack Obama believes that it is incredibly important that Hillary Cinton succeeds him,  said a former close aide to Obama who is still connected with the White House.  The only way that we have an economy where people aren t losing their health care is if Hillary Clinton becomes president. Jeff Shesol, who is familiar with the dynamic between a president and his preferred successor after working in the final years of the Clinton White House as a speechwriter, including on the State of the Union address, highlighted Obama s reliance on Clinton for his place in history. The single most important thing that could happen from here on out for the Obama legacy is the election of Hillary Clinton,  he said. ",politics,"Jan 12, 2016"
BREAKING: OBAMA JUST RELEASED GITMO Prisoner Who Said He Would “Kill Americans” If He Was Released [VIDEO],"// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Gitmo detainee, who said he would kill Americans if he was released, has just been freed Posted by Fox & Friends on Tuesday, 12 January 2016Representative Louie Gohmert (R-TX) eviscerates Obama and his regime for the release of this terrorist:",politics,"Jan 12, 2016"
MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD AFFILIATE INVITED To Obama’s State Of The Union…Will This Terror Group Also Be Invited?,"So in an effort to reach out to Muslims living in America, we need to invite groups that are tied to terrorists? Why stop at groups like CAIR? Why not invite ISIS? Perhaps we missed it, but we haven t seen the list of prominent Christian leaders invited to Obama s SOTU, who will represent the worldwide mass persecution of Christians As many as 25 House Democrats are expected to have Muslim guests during Tuesday night s State of the Union speech. It s in response to a call from Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim voted into Congress, to counter an  alarming rise in hateful rhetoric against Muslim Americans and people of the Islamic faith worldwide. The gesture might not generate much more than a shrug, except that in at least two cases, Democrats invited officials from a group the FBI formally avoids due to historic ties to a Hamas support network.Delray Beach Rep. Alcee Hastings invited Nezar Hamze, regional operations director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) in Florida. And San Jose, Cal. Rep. Zoe Lofgren invited Sameena Usman, a 10-year veteran government relations official with CAIR s San Francisco chapter, the Investigative Project on Terrorism has learned.CAIR officials routinely accuse federal law enforcement of entrapping otherwise innocent and peaceful Muslims in order to gin up terrorism prosecutions. Hamze s colleagues in CAIR-Florida are helping a family sue the FBI over the 2013 fatal shooting of a terror suspect who attacked agents after extensive questioning. Usman s office published a notorious poster urging Muslims to  Build a Wall of Resistance [and] Don t Talk to the FBI.  For its part, the FBI cut off contact with CAIR, except in investigations, in 2008 based on evidence its agents uncovered which placed CAIR in a Hamas-support network in the United States. Until it can be shown that those connections no longer exist, an FBI official explained in 2009, CAIR is not  an appropriate liaison partner. In addition, several CAIR officials have compared Israel to ISIS.Calls to press contacts in Lofgren and Hastings  offices were not returned Monday.Last month, the IPT provided exclusive details from eyewitness accounts about CAIR s creation, including an account of how a co-founder sought approval from the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood for CAIR s bylaws, and how Executive Director Nihad Awad s move to Washington was  in order to represent Hamas. Hastings and Lofgren either failed to check out their guests  employer or they don t care. These connections have nothing to do with the faith of CAIR officials. But the organization has a record that elected officials stubbornly insist should be ignored. Unfortunately, this is part of a pattern of outreach House Democrats seek out with the wrong people. Last month, CAIR-Florida s Hassan Shibly was invited to the White House for a discussion about religious discrimination. Then, as with the State of the Union speech, no one from the new Muslim Reform Movement   which issued a declaration clearly rejecting  interpretations of Islam that call for any violence, social injustice and politicized Islam  and standing for  peace, human rights and secular governance.  Via: Family Security Matters ",politics,"Jan 12, 2016"
MASS NYE SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN EUROPE EXPLAINED: [Video] Just An Innocent Rape Game Played By Muslims In Arab Nations,"This is possibly the most disturbing video we have ever posted on our website. This is an example of the  rape game  called  Taharrush  German authorities now admit the Muslim migrants brought the  Taharrush  rape game to Europe and showcased it New Year s Eve. Sexual attacks on Western women were reported in Cologne, Berlin, Hamburg, Bielefeld, Frankfurt, D sseldorf and Stuttgart, Germany. Taharrush attacks were also reported in Sweden, Finland, Austria and Switzerland on New Year s Eve.Welcome to the New Europe. Speisa reported:After the NYE mass assaults against women in several European cities, the German Federal Criminal Police Office, BKA, now say that the Arab  rape game  Taharrush has established itself in Europe.In addition to the events in Cologne, police in Berlin, Hamburg, Bielefeld, Frankfurt, D sseldorf and Stuttgart have reported of similar incidents. In addition, police in Vienna and Salzburg in Austria and Zurich in Switzerland have raised the alarm about similar mass assaults against women by newly arrived Arab migrants. Also Sweden and Finland experienced the same on New Year s Eve.  The attacks range from sexual molestation to rape, says head of BKA, Holger M nch.The  rape game  Taharrush is about a large group of Arab men surrounding their victim, usually a Western woman or a woman wearing Western-style clothing, and then the women are subjected to sexual abuse.They surround the victim in circles. The men in the inner circle are the ones who physically abuse the woman, the next circle are the spectators, while the mission of the third circle is to distract and divert attention to what s going on.If there is enough men, the woman is dragged along by the mob, while the men take turns ripping her clothes off, grope her, and inserting fingers in her various body orifices.In December a Muslim migrant in Germany bragged on video about participating in a gangrape of a virgin in Germany:https://youtu.be/-3MvinY66r0Via: Gateway Pundit",politics,"Jan 12, 2016"
Delusional Obama On How Divided America Has Become: At least it’s not a Civil War [Video],It turns out we re not as divided as people make us out to be Really? ,politics,"Jan 12, 2016"
Tavis Smiley Drops A Truth Bomb About Obama And The Black Community [Video],Tavis Smiley was on Megyn Kelly and was asked if the black community is better off after 7 years of Obama: ,politics,"Jan 12, 2016"
FOX NEWS BUMPS TWO Surprising GOP Candidates To Bottom Tier Of Debate,"Something about this decision really stinks of favoritism and cronyism. We d love to know who made the decision to punish the American viewers with yet ANOTHER painful appearance by John Kasich on the debate stage over Carly Fiorina and Rand Paul Rand Paul and Carly Fiorina have been booted to the undercard in Thursday night s Republican primary debate as the number of main-stage candidates was cut to seven by stricter polling criteria.Paul, who is struggling to gain traction in the presidential race, immediately cried foul, and vowed to not participate in the event.Fox Business Network, which will televise the sixth GOP presidential debate this week, announced the debate fields on Monday evening, after weeks of speculation that Paul would for the first time not make the cut for the primetime event. The seven candidates who will appear on the main stage in North Charleston, S.C., are Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Jeb Bush, and John Kasich. Kasich qualified as a result of his strength in New Hampshire. Paul and Fiorina are set to join Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum in the undercard   if Paul decides to participate. The Kentucky senator told CNN Monday evening, just before the official announcement, that Fox Business had made  a mistake,  and he wouldn t attend. We will not participate in anything that s not first-tier,  Paul said. His campaign confirmed to POLITICO that he will sit out Thursday s debate.His campaign elaborated in a statement that multiple polls showed him well within the network s criteria for qualifying, and contended that the margins of error in polls make them a poor tool for determining who makes the main stage. To exclude candidates on faulty analysis is to disenfranchise the voter,  the statement said.  Creating  tiers  based on electoral results of real votes might make sense but creating  tiers  on bad science is irresponsible. Regardless of whether he takes part in the undercard debate, the downgrade could be a crippling blow for Paul   who has insisted that he would remain in the race through the Feb. 1 Iowa caucuses, even though he also faces a reelection campaign this year for his Senate seat.In an interview with POLITICO last week, Paul called for organizers to abolish the earlier undercard debate.  I m not sure what the purpose is anymore, if there ever was one,  Paul said. The Paul camp has fought hard to keep its candidate on the main stage, where he has appeared for the prior five debates. Earlier Monday, the campaign released a memo stating that  multiple national polls  have the Kentucky senator  in 5th or 6th place    even though he s in seventh place in the average nationally and in both early states.  By any reasonable criteria Senator Paul has a top-tier campaign and has qualified for the stage,  the memo said.But it was clear that Paul didn t meet the criteria Fox Business had outlined prior to Monday s qualification deadline. The network said it would average the five most recent polls nationally, and in both Iowa and New Hampshire. The top six candidates nationally would qualify   and if any other candidate appeared in the top five in either early state, they would be added.Paul was in seventh place nationally and in both early states, according to POLITICO s calculations.Fox Business outlined specifically which polls were used in a subsequent statement to reporters, saying the outlet used  the most recent national and state polls from non-partisan, nationally-recognized organizations using standard methodological techniques.  Via: Politico ",politics,"Jan 11, 2016"
Clinton Campaign Attack Dog Warns Trump And Sanders To Stay Away From Bill’s Infidelity,"Hey, everything is fair game in this war to win the White House. The Clintons have their attack dog in John Podesta who s about as radical and devious as they come. It s pretty interesting that all of a sudden the Democrats are saying you need to keep it clean. They certainly don t have the moral high ground in anything political. Podesta must be desperate. What a putz!A top aide for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s campaign on Monday ripped attacks on Bill Clinton s past infidelity by GOP rival Donald Trump, saying Trump has gone  in the gutter. Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta also issued a warning to Clinton s Democratic rival Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) to stay away from the topic. I hope he s not going there,  Podesta said of Sanders during an appearance on MSNBC s  Andrea Mitchell Reports  after the host noted it seems  there s some piling on here  by Sanders. He said that he s going to run a positive campaign, that he wasn t going to go in for personal attacks and I take him at his word on that,  Podesta continued. But I hope he s not thinking about going there, because, again, I think what Trump has done to go in the gutter is reprehensible,  the Clinton campaign chairman added. PODESTA ON BRINGING BILL S SEXUAL EXPLOITS INTO THE CAMPAIGN:  Sanders fielded a question late Friday at a town hall in Iowa about Bill Clinton s affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky. Hillary Clinton is not Bill Clinton. What Bill Clinton did, I think we can all acknowledge was totally, totally, totally disgraceful and unacceptable. But I am running against Hillary Clinton. I am not running against Bill Clinton,  Sanders told the questioner, according to The Washington Post.Trump has for several weeks knocked the Clintons over Bill Clinton s sexual history, and on Sunday argued that Hillary was  an enabler  for her husband.Clinton s campaign manager maintained on Monday that Bill Clinton  remains an asset for us. Via: The Hill",politics,"Jan 11, 2016"
GA TOWN MANDATES GUN OWNERSHIP: Here’s What Happened To The Crime Rate…,"The results of this town s gun ownership mandate shows what happens when there are armed civilians out there In 1982, the little town of Kennesaw, Georgia passed an ordinance that every able bodied family must own a gun. Here is the text of the ordinance:(a) In order to provide for the emergency management of the city, and further in order to provide for and protect the safety, security and general welfare of the city and its inhabitants, every head of household residing in the city limits is required to maintain a firearm, together with ammunition therefore.(b)Exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who suffer a physical or mental disability which would prohibit them from using such a firearm. Further exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who are paupers or who conscientiously oppose maintaining firearms as a result of beliefs or religious doctrine, or persons convicted of a felony.An amendment to the gun ownership law grants exceptions to convicted felons, conscientious objectors and those who cannot afford a gun.In 2007, there was a follow up, showing the effects of the law on crime and the city. The liberals of course warned that Kennesaw would become the Wild West. Like all liberal predictions, this one belongs in the sewer. (Make sure you flush twice, it s a long ways to DNC HQ) In the 25 years that the law had been in place as of 2007 not one murder or defensive shooting took place. The first murder finally did occur in 2014, 32 years into the ordinance. The population soared from 5,242 to 28,189. The year prior to the passage of the ordinance, the city had a crime rate of (4,332 per 100,000). That was higher than the national average of (3,899 per 100,000). As of 2007, the crime rate had dropped to (2,268 per 100,000). The current crime rate for Kennesaw has dropped to (1,760 Per 100,000)In fact, Family Circle Magazine ranked Kennesaw as one of the ten best cities for families to live in. Kennesaw came in at Number 5. Kennesaw is far from being the one exception to the rule.The DOJ released a report that covered the years 1993 to 2011, a period in which gun ownership soared. What did they find? In 1993 there were 18,253 gun deaths. In 2011 there were just 11,101. Even more startling is that non fatal shootings dropped by 69%!!What about the liberal propaganda that gun shows are the case of most gun shootings because there are no background checks? The DOJ found that gun felons in federal prisons got just 2% of their guns from gun shows. 10 percent said they purchased their gun from a retail shop or pawnshop, 37 percent obtained it from family or friends, and another 40 percent obtained it from an illegal source.Concealed carriers also assisted in dropping crime rates during the years of the Obama caliphate. The number of concealed carry permits in 2007 was 4.6 million and has now soared to 12.8 million. That number is actually much higher since 8 states now do not require a concealed carry permit. During this same period, gun deaths dropped from 5.6 million to 4.2 million per 100,000.Harvard studied gun policies around the world and found to their astonishment that more guns mean less crime.One last item. What about the vaunted Gun free Zones? Are they working? Yes, but only for mass murderers. Since the 1950s, all but two mass shootings took place in gun free zones.Via: The PC Graveyard",politics,"Jan 11, 2016"
Hillary Clinton’s Anti-Israel E-mails Raise Questions About Influence On Foreign Policy,"Hillary Clinton s new e-mail release exposes her relationship to some very anti-Israel people. Sydney Blumenthal is a very close friend of the Clintons and exchanges quite a few e-mails with Clinton that are disturbing. Did he have much influence of foreign policy and the inner workings of the State Department. While Clinton claims Blumenthal was a minor character, the e-mails reveal a different story entirely:As Hillary Clinton s email scandals goes  nuclear  with more and more classified material coming to light (including some described as  explosive ), one disturbing trend is coming to light: Hillary s deep contempt for the state of Israel in general, and Prime Minister Netanyahu in particular.When the State Department released more than 5000 pages of Clinton s emails from her private server on New Year s Eve, it included correspondence with her one-time advisor Sidney Blumenthal. The communications revealed an exchange regarding Israel, and Blumenthal cited the work of his son, journalist Max Blumenthal, a self-described  anti-Zionist  known for his radical anti-Israel views.According to the Times of Israel,  In March 2010, Blumenthal plugged his son s work   this time, playing up links between evangelical Pastor John Hagee and Netanyahu   in the context of an article (written by a different writer) discussing a controversial Pentagon briefing on U.S. relations with Israel and the Arab world.   The briefing had dealt with the lack of progress in resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and American concerns over a growing perception among Arab leaders that the US was incapable of standing up to Israel. The senior Blumenthal sent several articles written by his son and referenced the younger man s plans to move to Israel for several months to write a book.  He tracks a lot of things that do not appear in the mainstream press,  he wrote to Hillary.Just in time for the 2016 election, hear Hillary Clinton say she would NOT run for president, in  Hillary Unhinged  by Thomas KuiperHillary then took the articles in question and instructed a staffer to print five copies  without the heading from Sid.  She noted the articles came from Max Blumenthal s book  Goliath: Life and Loathing in Greater Israel,  a widely criticized and rabidly anti-Semitic volume that castigated Israeli policies. The Nation s media editor Eric Alterman referred to it as the  I Hate Israel handbook  and wrote Blumenthal s  case against the Jewish state is so carelessly constructed, it will likely alienate anyone but the most fanatical anti-Zionist extremists, and hence do nothing to advance the interests of the occupation s victims. According to the Times of Israel,  Blumenthal also sent Clinton a piece by leftist Israeli Uri Avnery, who also analyzed the Pentagon briefing by leveling a damning critique against Netanyahu. Clinton asked Blumenthal, in response, how she should use this material in an upcoming talk she was supposed to have with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC). Blumenthal speculated on Netanyahu s psychological makeup by suggesting his actions were motivated by a desperate attempt to live up to his father s expectations.In an email sent immediately after the May 2010 Israeli raid on the Gaza-bound Turkish ship Mavi Maramara in which nine activists were killed, Blumenthal referred to the operation as  Bibi s Entebbe in reverse.  Noting that Netanyahu s brother Yoni was  heroically killed  in the 1976 hostage rescue mission, he said the brothers  father Benzion  adored  Yoni, while the younger Benjamin has always lived in his brother s shadow.  Bibi desperately seeks his father s approbation and can never equal his dead brother (he) has never measured up,  Blumenthal suggested.The senior Blumenthal continued to push his son s anti-Israel views on Hillary. As noted by the Times of Israel,  In 2012, Blumenthal sent his son s article in al-Akhbar,  The Bibi Connection,  to Clinton, who then relayed it onward. The article emphasized Netanyahu s intent to campaign against Obama s reelection in 2012, arguing that  Netanyahu s shadow campaign is intended to be a factor in defeating Obama and electing a Republican in his place.    The article reflected upon Netanyahu s ties to prominent Republicans such as Newt Gingrich, as well as the prime minister s right-wing pedigree. It noted that when his father, Benzion Netanyahu,  returned to Israel to launch a political career, the elder Netanyahu was rejected by Menachem Begin, the (then-)Likud Party leader, who, as right wing as he was, considered him dangerously extreme. Hillary offered a  terse  response on some of Sidney Blumenthal s policy suggestions regarding Israel, upon which he backed off. However,  Blumenthal could not keep Netanyahu out of his semi-retraction, hinting at missed peace opportunities by the Israeli leader:  Of course, if Bibi were to have engaged Syria in negotiations taking its previous gestures seriously   he wrote, before changing the subject without concluding the hypothetical. The email dump revealed Blumenthal was not the only one commenting on Middle East policy. Foreign-policy analyst Anne-Marie Slaughter, formerly the State Department s director of policy planning, wrote to Clinton the  time was right  for the U.S. to recognize Palestine during the emerging of the Arab Spring. It would allow you and POTUS to have accomplished the goal POTUS laid out at UNGA last year and would make it much harder for Syrians, Iranians, even Saudis to use this issue to divert domestic opposition, strengthening the seismic shift across the region to create fault-lines around reform/no reform instead of Arabs/US-Israel,  wrote Slaughter.The Times of Israel notes,  The emails also indicate the existence of a lengthy correspondence over attempts to reconcile Israel and Turkey following the events of the 2010 Gaza flotilla, but the emails are so heavily redacted as to expunge any clue as to what was actually discussed.   Another series details attempts in 2010 to broker direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority, with significant input from the parties involved in the Arab Peace Initiative. Learn more about the Hillary Clinton Investigative Justice Project, conceived by two veteran investigative journalists who plan to take their findings to state attorneys general in jurisdictions in which the nonprofit, tax-exempt Clinton Family Foundation does businessClinton s hostility toward Israel is well documented.Read more: wnd",politics,"Jan 10, 2016"
STUDENTS SENT HOME From School For Wearing Traditional Swiss Clothing Considered “racist”,"You certainly don t want to get caught showing pride for your nation  Kinda reminds us of the kids who got sent home from school for wearing an American flag on their shirts because they offended the Mexican immigrant students Ten pupils at a secondary school in Gossau turned up for their lessons wearing an edelweiss shirt on Friday.A teacher was very unhappy at the sight of this typically Swiss clothing; he asked them to go and put something else on.According to the  SonntagsZeitung , the teacher considered that this manner of dress conveyed  racist and xenophobic  ideas. The ten pupils decided to come to school wearing peasant shirts and to sing patriotic songs to show their  pride in being Swiss .Tensions with classmates of Balkan origin are said to be at the origin of this initiative, reports the German-speaking weekly. The school s headmaster is trying to calm things down. Patrick Perenzin points out that peasant shirts do not violate any institutional dress code and that they are not forbidden. But he adds that, in his view, the ten pupils behaved badly. When worn by one pupil, this clothing is not insulting. But when ten pupils decide to wear it at the same time, they are trying to  send a message , says the headmaster. Via: 20min.com",politics,"Jan 10, 2016"
RAMBO LOVES “THE DONALD”: Hollywood Icon Expresses His Support For Trump As Liberal Heads Explode,"Hollywood Icon And Superstar Sylvester Stallone gave an interview with Variety to pump his latest project  Creed  now in theaters. The only thing the libs didn t count on was Stallone s total support for Trump. He really likes a fighter but who s surprised about that. Rambo!!!Stallone told Variety,  I love Donald Trump.  Variety reported:Although he s been called a Republican, for supporting John McCain s 2008 presidential run, Stallone says he s not a member of the GOP.  May the best fighter win,  he said.  I don t think you can be totally one-sided forever. Then you close your mind to all sorts of possibilities. It s just,  Who comes along better at that time for what the planet is going through?  Right now, it s pretty confusing on every side. What does he think of the Republican frontrunner?  I love Donald Trump,  he said.  He s a great Dickensian character. You know what I mean? There are certain people like Arnold, Babe Ruth, that are bigger than life. But I don t know how that translates he let out a laugh to running the world. ",politics,"Jan 10, 2016"
Taxpayer Funded Left-Wing Church Organization Will BREAK LAW To Hide ILLEGAL ALIENS (2016 Democrat Voters) From Authorities,"This isn t just any church organization, this is a  church organization  that takes in $45 MILLION in taxpayer funds every year! Why do we give them so much money? Because they re bringing MOSTLY MUSLIM refugees into our country where they ll get housing, food, clothing, education and spending money with MORE of  OUR tax dollars. They ll also be fast-tracked to citizenship. What s the end goal? The fundamental transformation of America Ohio  peace and justice  groups getting ready to break the law and hide aliens from Obama illegal alien raids, click here.The recent Obama Administration order to round up illegal aliens (a tiny number!) and deport them is simply a ploy to fire up the No Borders movement, the Democrat base, in this all important election year.Church World Service will be hiding illegal aliens!Here is a story about the hard Left Church World Service, a federal refugee resettlement contractor, which uses $45 million of your dollars every year to change America by changing the people, is setting up hiding places throughout America where illegal aliens can be placed out of the reach of federal ICE agents.There should be a law, if you break federal immigration law, you lose your federal funding (come on wimps in Congress!).They want to resurrect the glory days (as they saw them) where churches broke the law and helped Central Americans get into America and then hid them until they could be spread out to towns across the US. It was called The Sanctuary Movement.***It is so apparent that this deportation order is part of a Democrat strategy, most likely cooked up in the White House, because (have you noticed!) no one blasts Obama personally (as they would if this were George Bush or Donald Trump).Religious groups and activists vowed Wednesday to offer refuge to illegal immigrants who are the targets of ongoing federal raids meant to combat a new wave of border-crossing from Central America.The announcement recalled the sanctuary movement of the 1980s that provided safe haven to several thousand people fleeing civil wars in El Salvador and Guatemala, with churches in Los Angeles, Chicago and other cities sometimes filled with people seeking asylum in the United States.At the start of the year, the Obama administration launched a large-scale effort targeting those who have already been ordered to leave the country. About 120 adults and children have been apprehended in raids in several states.Central American illegal aliens are NOT refugees. They do not fit the long-understood definition that a refugee or asylum seeker must prove they would be persecuted if they returned to their home country.Escaping poverty or run-of-the-mill crime is not persecution, but these NO Borders activists have been for years attempting to blur the definition. And, that is mostly because when someone is defined as a refugee all welfare goodies flow their way and they can then bring in the family they left behind. (Of course the WaPo isn t going to explain any of that to its readers!).The effort, which is expected to include several hundred more apprehensions, has drawn sharp criticism from those who advocate for undocumented immigrants. They argue that Central Americans who are entering the country illegally should be offered the same protections extended to Syrian refugees.Via: Refugee Resettlement WatchHere is the list of churches affiliated with the radical Church World Services group:Member CommunionsAfrican Methodist Episcopal Church African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church Alliance of Baptists American Baptist Churches USA Armenian Church of America (including Diocese of California) Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Christian Methodist Episcopal Church Church of the Brethren Community of Christ The Coptic Orthodox Church in North America Ecumenical Catholic Communion The Episcopal Church Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Friends United Meeting Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America Hungarian Reformed Church in America International Council of Community Churches Korean Presbyterian Church in America Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church Mar Thoma Church Moravian Church in America National Baptist Convention of America National Baptist Convention, U.S.A., Inc. National Missionary Baptist Convention of America Orthodox Church in America Patriarchal Parishes of the Russian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends Polish National Catholic Church of America Presbyterian Church (USA) Progressive National Baptist Convention, Inc. Reformed Church in America Serbian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. and Canada The Swedenborgian Church Syrian Orthodox Church of Antioch Ukrainian Orthodox Church in America United Church of Christ The United Methodist Church",politics,"Jan 10, 2016"
THE CASE AGAINST SEAN PENN: Why Do Americans Who Love Their Country Still Support Him? [VIDEO],"From claiming any American who speaks out against Hugo Chavez should be jailed, to a photo op and interview with one of the most brutal Mexican drug lords in history. Sean Penn has openly supported Cuba s brutal dictator Fidel Castro, and made known his radical opposition to capitalism by supporting the former occupy movement (now the #BlackLivesMatter terrorist group). Despite the fact that he was a gun owner, Penn came out one year ago against the Second Amendment.The journalistic coup of the two-time Oscar winner secretly interviewing El Chapo   and posing for a handshake pic with the world s once-most-wanted drug lord  is only the latest surreal saga in Penn s personal life. Since the early 2000 s, Spicoli has staked himself as one of the politically active stars in America   whether or not anyone likes it.Scores of people however, have called for Sean Penn to be arrested for meeting the world s most wanted drug lord El Chapo while he was on the run and not turning him in to the authorities. Twitter users demanded Penn be questioned by investigators as to why he met with the violent cartel leader and did not help the military track him down.The double Oscar-winning actor and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo   who brokered the meeting with the self-confessed biggest drug trafficker in the world   are now under investigation in Mexico.His secret meeting with the notorious drug lord, is just one of many activist stunts by leftist actor Sean Penn.Penn s previous diplomatic doozies have led to eye-rolling Oscar jokes, dubious friendships with foreign leaders and accusations of hiring a PR team to show off his odd brand of good will.Here is Penn in a repulsive attempt to paint brutal dictators, Hugo Chavez and Fidel Castro as leaders we should respect. Penn says,  the demonization of these people is a myth :Here s a short look at Penn s past political antics.As America s violent response to the 9/11 attacks started escalating in 2002, Penn spent $56,000 to publish an open letter in the Washington Post urging President Bush to ease up on Middle East involvement. You lead, it seems, through a blood-lined sense of entitlement,  Penn wrote to the president.Many others in Hollywood may have found Penn sentiments sensible   but some of his specific recommendations, not so much.Among his peacetime prescriptions for the prez:  I beg you Mr. President, listen to Gershwin, read chapters of Stegner, of Saroyan. But at least one world leader apparently agreed with Penn s prose: Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, who used Penn s letter to trash Bush during some of his own speeches, according to The Telegraph.The Washington Post apparently wasn t a big enough forum for Penn s Bush bashing.Here s an excerpt from an interview with Piers Morgan where Penn explains his support for a second term for Barack Obama in a completely incoherent manner:Penn pulled off one major upset at the 2004 Oscars by nabbing the Best Actor statue for  Mystic River,  beating out Bill Murray in  Lost in Translation  as the expected winner.But the second shock came as soon as Penn opened his mouth following a standing ovation. If there s one thing that actors know   other than that there were no WMD s   it s that there is no such thing as best in acting,  he said at the start of his speech, earning some scattered claps and cheers before beginning his long-winded thank yous.More than a decade later, his ill-timed political jab hasn t fared much better: The film site Next Movie cited Penn s speech as one of the worst in Oscar history.At first, Penn defensively denied rumors that he was close with the Venezuelan president, who reportedly took an interest in Penn thanks to his anti-Bush newspaper ads. You don t know that I have a friendship with Hugo Ch vez, you just read it in some piece,  he told the Telegraph in 2007.Watch here at the 1:12 mark, where Penn talks about imposing a jail sentence on anyone who speaks out against Chavez:But over the years, Penn opened up about his Chavez love as many others accused the president of running his country as dictator. Penn admitted a relationship and told Bill Maher that American journalists who slam Chavez should be imprisoned.Penn sealed the deal upon Chavez s death from cancer in 2013, calling the president a  friend  in a statement and adding:  Today the United States lost a friend it never knew it had. For entire story: NYDailyNews",politics,"Jan 10, 2016"
KING OBAMA Plans To Finish Term Traveling Around The World,"There are so many reasons for this little coward to leave America and travel abroad for the duration of his term. Does he have knowledge of an imminent attack on America and wants to be overseas when it happens? Is he using taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for UN Secretary General? Perhaps he wants to be on the other side of the world when criminal proceedings against Hillary heat up? Plotting against America for seven straight years can be exhausting. Maybe he just needs a break? Or perhaps it s just as simple as wanting to hit some international golf courses on our dime. Whatever his reasons, we can be sure that the American taxpayer will once again, be stuck with a hefty bill as this fraud travels across the globe contributing to  the greatest danger our nation faces  as he spews dreaded CO2 into the environment.While Obama s scorched-earth policies continue to ravage America and beyond, the president will be busy touring the world for much of the duration of his term.The purpose is to  seal his foreign policy legacy,  according to Politico.Obama is planning to travel the globe to seal his foreign policy legacy https://t.co/iUK6SvPv8O | Getty pic.twitter.com/iwe5Zub5te  POLITICO (@politico) December 29, 2015Hold onto your hats folks, it could be a bumpy ride.According to Politico:Obama has asked aides to set a busy international travel schedule for him in his final year, with  half a dozen  trips already in the works and more potentially coming together. The travel will be aimed at cementing a foreign policy legacy he hopes will include the Trans-Pacific Partnership, increased attention to Asia, an opening of Latin America, progress against the Islamic State and significant global movement on climate change.Air Force One will tack on a lot of miles courtesy of American taxpayers, and no doubt, folks stuck at home trying to make enough money to pay increased healthcare premiums (if they re lucky enough to have a job) will be treated to countless photo-ops of the president here, there, and everywhere.All this and more wasn t lost on those who didn t appreciate the  news  of Obama s  legacy  Via: BPRWe d love to know why you think Obama will spend the duration of his term overseas .",politics,"Jan 10, 2016"
"Dear Liberal, Why I’m So Hostile…And How “Your political beliefs are a threat to liberty – not just for me, but for my three boys”","WOW! This is a powerful, must read letter that should be shared with every American Lately, I must admit that my hostility towards your political ilk has ramped up, pretty dramatically. No, it s not because we, at this point in my life, have a half-black president in the White House, and I m some closet racist who is becoming increasingly frustrated at the prospects of the White Man s power slipping through my fingers. I know that you ve accused our side of such nonsense, and the thought keeps you warm at night, but I can assure you that it is a comfortable fiction of which you should probably divest yourself.Now before I waste too much of your time, let s establish who I m talking to. If you believe that we live in an evil, imperialist nation from its founding, and you believe that it should be  fundamentally transformed , lend me your ears. If you believe that the free market is the source of the vast majority of society s ills and wish to have more government intervention into it, I m talking to you. If you believe that health care is a basic human right and that government should provide it to everyone, you re the guy I m screaming at. If you think minorities cannot possibly survive in this inherently racist country without handouts and government mandated diversity quotas, you re my guy. If you believe that rich people are that way because they ve exploited their workers and acquired wealth on the backs of the poor, keep reading. Pretty much, if you trust government more than your fellow American, this post is for you.First of all, let me say that we probably agree on more things than you think. Even between Tea Party Patriots and Occupy Wall-Streeters, I ve observed a common hatred of the insidious alliance between big business and big government. As Representative Paul Ryan (R-WI) so correctly noted, government should never be in the business of picking winners and losers in corporate America, and no person, organization, union, or corporation should have their own key to the back door of our government.Second, contrary to popular belief, conservatives really are concerned with the plight of the poor in this nation. You accuse us of being uncompassionate, hateful, racist, and greedy, but studies have shown that when it comes to charitable giving, conservatives are at least (if not more, depending on the study you read) as generous as liberals in caring for the poor. The difference between us is not in our attitude towards the problem   it s our attitude towards the solution. We believe that the government does practically nothing well (since without competition or a profit motive there is no incentive to do well) and has made the plight of the poor far worse than it would have ever been had government never gotten involved. For a stark example of this, look no farther than the condition of the black family in America since the  War on Poverty  began. You believe that more government is the answer, and that if we only throw more money at the problem, the problem will go away. We believe, as Reagan so aptly stated,Government is not the solution to our problems; government is the problem.Third, as people who might actually have to avail ourselves of a doctor s services at some point in our lives, we are just as concerned with the condition of America s healthcare system as you are. While we believe that America has the world s most capable physicians, has the world s most innovative pharmaceutical industry, and is on the cutting edge of medical technology, we also understand that the delivery system is far from perfect. However, unlike you, we see a grave danger in turning the administration of that delivery system over to the same entity that is responsible for giving us the United States Postal Service. There are private sector solutions that should certainly be explored before we kill the system, altogether, by giving it to the government to run.Now that we ve touched on a couple of points of common ground, allow me to explain my aggressiveness towards your efforts to implement your progressive agenda. First, let s talk about the word  progressive , since you now seem to prefer that word to  liberal . In order to label something as progressive or regressive, one must have some idea as to what constitutes progress. What is the ideal towards which you are striving? An idea is considered progressive if it moves us closer to the ideal and regressive if it moves us further away. So, what is your ideal society?Though I can t begin to discern the thoughts of every liberal who may read this, nor can I assume that every liberal has the same notion of an ideal society, in my arguments with liberals over the years, I couldn t help but notice the influence that FDR s Second Bill of Rights has had in shaping the beliefs of the modern liberal with regards to domestic policy. The rights that FDR cited are: The right to a useful and remunerative job in the industries or shops or farms or mines of the nation; The right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation; The right of every farmer to raise and sell his products at a return which will give him and his family a decent living; The right of every businessman, large and small, to trade in an atmosphere of freedom from unfair competition and domination by monopolies at home or abroad; The right of every family to a decent home; The right to adequate medical care and the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health; The right to adequate protection from the economic fears of old age, sickness, accident, and unemployment; The right to a good education.At this point, you re probably screaming,  Right on!! , and who can blame you? What sane person in the world doesn t want everyone to be gainfully employed, adequately fed, smartly clothed, appropriately sheltered, and properly educated? These are the goals of every moral society on the planet, however we cannot ignore the fundamental question of,  At what cost? I m not sure whether FDR was a shallow thinker or simply a shrewd, Machiavellian politician, but the fact that he framed each of these ideals as a human right should be troubling to every freedom-loving person in America. After all, what does it mean for something to be a human right? Doesn t it mean that it s something to which you are entitled simply by virtue of your being human? Let s think about some of the basic rights that the real Bill of Rights delineates: freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom to petition the government, freedom to bear arms, freedom from illegal search and seizure, etc.If you re moderately intelligent and intellectually honest, you ll quickly see what separates the rights laid out in the real Bill of Rights from those laid out in FDR s misguided list   none of the rights listed above require the time, treasure, or talents of another human being.Your right to speak requires nothing from anyone else. Your right to practice your religion requires nothing from any of your fellow citizens. Your right to bear arms means that you are allowed to possess weapons to defend yourself and your family, but it makes no demand that a weapon be provided to you by anyone. A true human right is one that you possess, even if you re the only person on the entire planet   and it is unconditional.FDR s list is no  Bill of Rights . It s a list of demands. If I have a right to a job, doesn t that mean that one must be provided to me? If I have a right to adequate food, clothing, and recreation, doesn t that mean that I am entitled to those things, and someone should provide them to me? If I have an inherent right to a decent home, once again, doesn t that mean it should be provided to me, regardless of my ability to afford one or build one for myself?You might protest that FDR only meant that we have the right to pursue those things, but that s not what he said, and why would he? If we live in a free society, our right to pursue those things is self-evident, is it not? Besides, if he only believed in our right to pursue those things, he would not have felt the need to implement the New Deal.You may be getting anxious, now, wondering what FDR s Second Bill of Rights has to do with my antipathy towards your political philosophy. It s quite simple   your political beliefs are a threat to liberty   not just for me, but for my three boys and their children as well. I care much less about the America that I m living in at this very moment than I do about the one that I m leaving Nathaniel, Charlie, and Jackson.How does your political bent threaten my and my sons personal liberty, you ask? In your irrational attempt to classify things such as clothing, shelter, health care, employment, and income as basic human rights, you are placing a demand upon my time, my treasure, and my talents. If you believe that you have a right to health care, and you are successful in persuading enough shallow thinkers to think as you do, then it will place a demand upon me to provide it to you. If you believe that you have a right to a job, and more than half of America agrees with you, as a business owner, I am obligated to provide one to you, even if it means making my business less profitable.The fact is, you can rail against my conservatism all you wish. You can make fun of my Tea Party gatherings, and you can ridicule patriots in tri-corner hats until you wet yourself from mirth, but one thing is for certain: my political philosophy will NEVER be a threat to your freedom. If you feel a burning responsibility to the poor, conservatism will never prevent you from working 80 hours per week and donating all of your income to charity. If you feel a strong sense of pity for a family who cannot afford health insurance, my political philosophy will never prevent you from purchasing health insurance for this family or raising money to do so, if you cannot afford it, personally. If you are moved with compassion for a family who is homeless, a conservative will never use the police power of government to prevent you from taking that family in to your own home or mobilizing your community to build one for them.However, you cannot say the same for liberalism. If I choose not to give to the poor for whatever reason, you won t simply try to persuade me on the merits of the idea   you will seek to use the government as an instrument of plunder to force me to give to the poor. If we are walking down the street together and we spot a homeless person, using this logic, you would not simply be content with giving him $20 from your own pocket   you would hold a gun to my head and force me to give him $20, as well.Everything that modern liberalism accomplishes is accomplished at the barrel of a government rifle. You do not trust in the generosity of the American people to provide, through private charity, things such as clothing, food, shelter, and health care, so you empower the government to take from them and spend the money on wasteful, inefficient, and inadequate government entitlement programs. You do not trust in the personal responsibility of the average American to wield firearms in defense of themselves and their families, so you seek to empower the government to criminalize the use and possession of firearms by private citizens. Everytime you empower the government, you lose more of your personal liberty   it s an axiomatic truth.What angers me the most about you is the eagerness with which you allow the incremental enslavement to occur. You are the cliched and proverbial frog in the pot who has actually convinced himself that he s discovered a big, silver jacuzzi. Somehow, you re naive enough to believe that one more degree of heat won t really matter that much.I have the utmost respect for a slave who is continuously seeking a path to freedom. What I cannot stomach is a free man who is continuous seeking a path to servitude by willingly trading his freedom for the false sense of security that government will provide.I am reminded of Samuel Adams  impassioned speech where he stated: If ye love wealth (or security) better than liberty, the tranquillity of servitude than the animating contest of freedom,   go from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or arms. Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains sit lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen!  Servitude can exist in a free society, but freedom cannot exist in a slave nation. In a free country, you have the liberty to join with others of your political ilk and realize whatever collectivist ideals you can dream up. You can start your own little commune where the sign at the front gate says,  From each according to his ability; to each according to his need , and everyone can work for the mutual benefit of everyone else. In my society, you have the freedom to do that.In your society, I don t have the same freedom. If your collectivism offends me, I am not free to start my own free society within its borders. In order for collectivism to work, everyone must be on board, even those who oppose it   why do you think there was a Berlin Wall?In conclusion, just know that the harder you push to enact your agenda, the more hostile I will become   the harder I will fight you. It s nothing personal, necessarily. If you want to become a slave to an all-powerful central government, be my guest. But if you are planning to take me and my family down with you, as we say down here in the South, I will stomp a mud-hole in your chest and walk it dry.Bring it.Jeremy N. Choateh/t Zero Hedge",politics,"Jan 9, 2016"
"OBAMA RAMPS UP Militarization Of EPA, FDA, VA While Obsessing Over Taking Guns From Citizens","Every American should be concerned and should be demanding answers from Washington about why we need to militarize these federal government agencies As the U.S. engages in a national debate over the militarization of the police, federal data shows that government agencies charged with largely administrative roles are spending tens of millions of taxpayer dollars to purchase SWAT and military-style equipment.Since FY 2006, 44 traditionally administrative agencies have spent over $71 million on items like body armor, riot helmets and shields, cannon launchers and police firearms and ammunition, according to federal spending data from watchdog group OpenTheBooks.comThis comes in addition to the $330 million spent on such equipment in that period by traditional law enforcement agencies like the FBI, Secret Service and Drug Enforcement Administration.Some examples of the purchases include:  Nearly $2 million spent by the Department of Veterans Affairs on riot helmets, defender shields, body armor, a  milo return fire cannon system,  armored mobile shields, Kevlar blankets, tactical gear and equipment for crowd control.  Over $300,000 spent by the Food and Drug Administration on  ballistic vests and carriers  in fiscal 2014. Via: Washington Times ",politics,"Jan 9, 2016"
THE HOTTEST TICKET IN TOWN: Watch LIVE Trump Rally In Iowa Here,"People across America are waiting in line for hours to see Trump speak about how he plans to  Make America Great Again.  Many are being turned away, simply because the venue doesn t have enough seats. If you ve been unable to get your hands on the  hottest ticket in town,  here is your chance to see a LIVE Trump rally in its entirety. The live rally starts at 2pm EST:https://youtu.be/wZpDfMrJo4Y ",politics,"Jan 9, 2016"
IS GLENN BECK PUSHING FOR A HILLARY PRESIDENCY When He Says This About Trump? [VIDEO],"We re gonna go out on a limb, and guess that Glenn Beck s open hatred for Donald Trump will destroy his Tea Party and conservative base Glenn Beck was back on his game today. And that game is Trump bashing. In between the sophomoric jokes, the mindless banter, it was cutting edge conversation about how Donald Trump is a progressive.Trump has taken a lot of  in-coming  as Rush Limbaugh famously pointed out following Donald s campaign launch. And a ton of it has been from Glenn Beck.Today, Beck decided to read an article by Rich Lowry entitled The Right s Post Constitutional Moment. Lowry does a yeomen s job lambasting Trump, the Tea Party and the right for falling for Trump s brand of populism.Who knew there would be a day when the Constitution would be used as a whipping boy for conservative geeks who like to lose elections. Lowry complains that Trump plans on using the same pen that Obama used to undo all of the president s unconstitutional executive orders.So is Lowry suggesting Trump go before congress? What Beck and Lowry are taking umbrage with is Trump s willingness to use the eraser. They aren t laws, their meaningless executive orders. Does that stuff need to stop cold turkey? Yes. But it will have to wait for Donald s second term in office.The inference here is that Trump supporters are the other side of the coin to Obama supporters. Our anger is justified, but we should be picking a pristine Constitutional scholar like Ted Cruz. Cruz may have a brain filled with rulings and arguments, but none of what he says connects to the average American voter. Trump connects on a level that no other candidate in my lifetime has managed to do.And quite frankly that pisses Glenn Beck off to no end. All of his hard work talking about Freedom Works and orchestrating rallies. And then Trump comes along with a populist message that finally makes the GOP tent big enough to win an election. How dare someone relate to the common man.Here s Glenn Beck explaining how he ll vote 3rd party (for Hillary) if Trump is the nominee:What both Lowry and Beck miss is the fact that the average Joe has not studied the Constitution. They may tacitly approve of what s in it, but they are more concerned about jobs, the economy and national security.In addition, the article gets things wrong. Lowry claims that Trump wants to shut part of the internet down. Just some generic part. No mention of how Donald wants someone from Silicon Valley to surgically take out ISIS related sites.Lowry goes on to praise Beck for earnestly exploring the founders with his audience. No offense, but Beck did us no favors. His show became a myriad of things that Beck, and Beck alone was interested in. We get it, Woodrow Wilson was a bad dude. Now, can we get on with fixing the damn country?Here s YouTube sensation and Tea Party darling, Wild Bill For America. He offers a scathing rebuke of Glenn Beck and his  hateful sabotaging of the Tea Party and Donald Trump:Beck s mind meld with Lowry on his show proves one thing. He would rather lose the election than win with Trump. He knows that Donald Trump will damage The Blaze brand and possibly put Beck back in the unemployment line.It s ludicrous to think that all of these veterans and military people who support Trump know nothing about the Constitution. And then there s Ann Coulter. Sarah Palin. Jeff Sessions. Rick Scott. Ted Nugent. Michael Savage. Sean Hannity. Rush Limbaugh. And dozens of other Constitutional conservatives who support Donald Trump.If you haven t pulled the plug on your Blaze membership, it s about time you looked into it. Glenn Beck s personal animosity towards Donald Trump and his wife Melania have proven that he is not ready for prime time anymore. Via: Scorched Earth",politics,"Jan 9, 2016"
WATCH DESPERATE GRANNY HILLARY CLINTON: Hip Selfies And TV Appearances On Ellen As She Sinks In The Polls,"As Hillary sinks in the polls, she s becoming a regular on the Ellen show. Her campaign is pretty desperate to play to Hillary s base with these appearances and with all the selfies with celebrities. I guess she hasn t been told Americans are on to her grifting ways and lies. A sure sign we re 100% FED Up! with the clintons is the new poll that says she s down by 20 points to Trump.(Not an endorsement for Trump But it s a fact Jack) Booya! OH,THIS SHOULD GET THOSE HIPSTERS:  I ve never seen this anywhere else .it has light all the way around it. Like little tiny, tiny light bulbs,  Clinton said during a taping of the Ellen DeGeneres show that airs Monday, referring to Kardashian s LuMee phone case with LED lights on the face.Clinton dropped the set of DeGeneres daytime program on Wednesday afternoon, where she was reunited with actor Tony Goldwyn, better known as President Fitzgerald Grant from Scandal. Goldwyn s endorsed her presidential bid and campaigned for her in Iowa. During the appearance she revealed that she struggles to carry a tune.  I sang to Chelsea until she developed an ear and told me not to sing anymore,  the former first lady said of her daughter. That hasn t kept her from serenading Chelsea s first child, Charlotte, who will be joined by a sister later this year.  Chelsea stopped me around 18 months, so I ve got about 3 months to go I think. That s my grace period,  she said. Clinton said producers on Saturday Night Live wanted her to sing at the end of sketch with Kate McKinnon when the actress, as Clinton, asks the Democratic presidential candidate, playing  Val  the bartender, to join in on a rendition of  Lean on Me.   And I said,  you really don t want to hear me sing, Read more: Daily Mail",politics,"Jan 9, 2016"
BREAKING: “The Real Donald Trump Story” [VIDEO],A New Campaign Video was just released from the Donald Trump Campaign   Your thoughts on this? ,politics,"Jan 8, 2016"
"OBAMA STARES DOWN AMERICAN SNIPER Widow Taya Kyle, As CNN Gives Her Time To Confront Him About Gun Control On Live TV [Video]",Taya Kyle speaks to Obama regarding the illogical strategy of his new gun control measures: ,politics,"Jan 8, 2016"
“HILLARY WILL BE INDICTED”,"The question is who Obama will protect? Will he stand by his  Yes woman,  Attorney General Loretta Lynch, or will he provide cover for Hillary, allowing her to emerge as the successor to his corrupt two terms in office? Our money is on Obama protecting Attorney General Loretta Lynch if Valerie Jarrett has anything to do with it A former U.S. Attorney predicts a Watergate-style showdown in the Department of Justice if Attorney General Loretta Lynch overrules a potential FBI recommendation to indict Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. The [FBI] has so much information about criminal conduct by her and her staff that there is no way that they walk away from this,  Joseph diGenova, formerly the District of Columbia s U.S. Attorney, told Laura Ingraham in a Tuesday radio interview.  They are going to make a recommendation that people be charged and then Loretta Lynch is going to have the decision of a lifetime. I believe that the evidence that the FBI is compiling will be so compelling that, unless [Lynch] agrees to the charges, there will be a massive revolt inside the FBI, which she will not be able to survive as an attorney general. It will be like Watergate. It will be unbelievable. DiGenova is referring to the Watergate scandal s  Saturday Night Massacre  Oct. 20, 1973, when President Richard Nixon sacked Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox and Attorney General Elliot Richardson and Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus resigned in protest. Via: Daily Caller ",politics,"Jan 8, 2016"
"MUST WATCH Trump Ad Highlights Hillary’s War On Women: Bill, Monica And Other Perverts Make Guest Appearances","The days of Hillary s past being  off limits  are officially over Bill s escapades and sexual assaults with various women throughout their marriage will all be coming out in this election. Stories about how Hillary threatened victims of Bill s sexual assaults are beginning to emerge. Hillary s closest friend, ally and top aide Huma Mahmood Abedin is also an enabler of a perverted husband, former Democrat NY Congressman Anthony Weiner, who thanks to Andrew Breitbart, was caught sexting several women during his term as a NY Congressman while his wife, Huma was pregnant with their first child. Birds of a feather Enjoy his latest Instagram ad here:Hillary and her friends!A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Jan 7, 2016 at 9:19am PSTHere s Trump s tweet announcing his new Instagram ad:Hillary and her friends! https://t.co/q45tTapqMI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2016",politics,"Jan 8, 2016"
"HILLARY LANDS COVETED Taxpayer Funded, Planned Parenthood Endorsement","Sadly, this will be the only reason many women will vote for her. Hillary s crimes will suddenly become a distant memory to many female (and some male) voters. Because when it comes to defending a woman s right to kill her baby, every criminal act Hillary s ever committed takes a backseat There are many on the GOP side thankfully, who are still defending the lives of the most vulnerable among us:Planned Parenthood, the national women s health organization that Hillary Clinton often mentions on the campaign trial, will endorse the 2016 candidate for president on Sunday in New Hampshire.This will be the first time the group, which has been mired in controversy since a series of videos by anti-abortion activists were released in 2015, will endorse in a presidential primary. As a lifelong Planned Parenthood supporter, I m honored to have the endorsement of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund,  Clinton said in response to the endorsement.  There has never been a more important election when it comes to women s health and reproductive rights   and Planned Parenthood s patients, providers, and advocates across the country are a crucial line of defense against the dangerous agenda being advanced by every Republican candidate for president. The group will make the endorsement official at what they are billing as their election kickoff event in Manchester, New Hampshire on Sunday. The group plans to spend at least $20 million in this election cycle, according to a press release.The endorsement was somewhat of a forgone conclusion. Clinton regularly mentions Planned Parenthood on the campaign trail    I will defend a woman s right to choose,  she says   a line that draws applause from Democratic crowds. In Congress and on the campaign trail, Republicans that claim they just hate big government are only too happy to have government step in when it comes to women s bodies and heath,  Clinton said at the New Hampshire Democratic Party s Jefferson-Jackson Dinner in 2015.  It is wrong, and we are not going to stand for it. Planned Parenthood s endorsement, which was first reported by CBS, is sure to draw scorn from Republican presidential candidates, many of whom regularly pledge to defund the group is elected president.In accepting the endorsement, Clinton said the United States needs  a president who has what it takes to stop Republicans from defunding Planned Parenthood and taking away a woman s right to basic health care. If I m elected,  she added,  I will be that president. This is the second national women s health group to back Clinton. NARAL Pro-Choice America PAC endorsed Clinton earlier this week, their president stating that Clinton  has what it takes to fight Republican attacks on women s reproductive rights, and has the vision and experience to ensure women and families thrive. Via: CNN",politics,"Jan 8, 2016"
[VIDEO] DINESH D’SOUZA Warned Us About What The World Would Look Like If We Gave Obama Another Term In “2016: Obama’s America”…Was He Correct?,"Dinesh made some frightening predictions in his blockbuster movie,  2016: Obama s America.  Was he correct in his predictions? ",politics,"Jan 7, 2016"
BREAKING BOMBSHELL: State Department Busted In Cover Up Regarding Hillary’s Server,"They knew! Can you believe these people? FOX News reported earlier that the release of this report was delayed twice today. Now we know why they released it late. These people are sickening! Please never forget these American heroes left to die by this woman. The U.S. State Department told a watchdog group in 2013 that it didn t have any information about former secretary Hillary Clinton s emails, even though  dozens of senior officials  knew she was using a private server for all her electronic communications.A report released Thursday by the agency s inspector general   a powerful and impartial internal investigator   described a cavalier culture about transparency inside Clinton s agency, saying that 177 requests for documents about Clinton are still  pending  nearly three years after she left office. The Freedom of Information Act requires federal agencies to respond to requests for information within 20 business days. The botched FOIA request, filed in December 2012 just before Clinton left office, specifically asked whether or not Clinton used an email account other than one hosted at state.gov. Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a liberal group, was reacting to news that former Environmental Protection Agency administrator Lisa Jackson had used an alias    Richard Windsor    to send and receive emails in a way that couldn t be tied to her when FOIA requests came in. In May 2013 the State Department responded to CREW s request, saying it had  no records  related to what the group asked for. By then, Clinton had spent four years emailing department employees from her private home-brew account, but had never turned the messages over to the State Department. That CREW request was filed in December 2012, just before Mrs. Clinton left office, and specifically asked whether Mrs. Clinton used anon-State.gov email account for government business.  At the time the request was received, dozens of senior officials throughout the Department, including members of Secretary Clinton s immediate staff, exchanged emails with the Secretary using the personal accounts she used to conduct official business,  the Office of Inspector General concluded.  OIG found evidence that the Secretary s then-Chief of Staff was informed of the request at the time it was received and subsequently tasked staff to follow up. However, OIG found no evidence to indicate that any of these senior officials reviewed the search results or approved the response to CREW.  The employees responsible for searching the State Department s records, the report says, never  searched any email records, even though the request clearly encompassed emails.  State has received an unprecedented crush of requests for Clinton-related documents   240 in all, a number bigger than those related to secretaries Madeline Albright, Colin Powell, Condoleeza Rice and John Kerry combined. But the inspector general found that the agency cut the number of people processing those FOIA requests as they poured in. Clinton s emails sat on her private server for years until the State Department asked her in 2014 to turn them over. She deleted more than half of the messages, calling them  personal  in nature, before complying. In the meantime, however, her emails were out of reach when federal employees searched for records that might satisfy FOIA requests.Read more: Daily Mail",politics,"Jan 7, 2016"
FEEL THE BERN: Supporters Line Up At 4:30 A.M. To See Trump…In Bernie Sander’s Home State,"It would appear that socialism is not the only answer in the ultra-liberal state of Vermont Tonight s Donald Trump rally in Burlington Vermont has all the makings of a doozy political event. Burlington Vermont is ground-zero for Democrat Bernie Sanders and both Trump supporters and Bernie s political protesters have plans on attendance.In essence Trump is quite popular and viewed very favorably by the general citizenry of Vermont. However, the professional political apparatus in/around government enterprise is quite hostile (openly so) toward the Trump campaign. Yes, Trump is walking in to Mordor to show his supporters what fearless campaigning looks like in person .BURLINGTON, Vt.   Hours before Donald J. Trump was set to hold a rally in the Flynn Center here, a crowd of supporters, hecklers and curious observers braved freezing temperatures to get a glimpse of the Republican presidential candidate who dared to set foot on the traditionally liberal turf of Senator Bernie Sanders.Wearing  Make America Great Again  hats and hoodies, dozens of people   some of whom had arrived as early as 4:30 a.m.   snaked around the block along Burlington s Main Street in the hope of getting one of the theater s 1,400 seats. The Trump campaign distributed more than 20,000 tickets to the event, sending the theater s administrators and the local police department into a frenzy on how to handle the huge overflow.Those bundled up outside just wanted to see the billionaire businessman in the flesh. Surprisingly, some were fans of both Mr. Trump and Mr. Sanders, the Vermont senator seeking the Democratic nomination, and were trying to decide which one to back. I think he s smart, and he has the best chance of winning support and maybe flipping the state,  Daniel Nadeau, 22, of St. Albans, Vt., said of Mr. Trump.  Bernie is my No. 1 choice, and Trump is No. 2. They re not that different. Voters who were on the fence between the seemingly polar-opposite candidates said that both communicated well with working-class people and made strong cases for how they would boost the economy, despite their differing policy ideas.For entire story: Conservative Treehouse",politics,"Jan 7, 2016"
“SNEAKY” School Caught Red Handed Recruiting Kids To Work For The Clinton Campaign,"Recruiting kids is what Obama s campaign did so well. This must be a loony lefty tactic to train the kids early to accept socialism. Remember this creepy video from the Obama campaign: WE RE GONNA CHANGE THE WORLD Could you imagine the national media firestorm had the school been recruiting for Donald Trump s campaign?Students at Marshwood High School in South Berwick received an email from the Clinton campaign   urging them to sign up for positions as unpaid  fellows . Hillary for New Hampshire is looking for smart, energetic winter fellows who are committed to winning the New Hampshire primary for Hillary Clinton,  read the email from a campaign staffer.  Everyone working on the campaign now started off as a fellow at some point so it is a great way of getting a different skill set whilst helping an important cause. Tim and Elita Galvin were furious that their teenage son had received the solicitation   calling it  disingenuous and sneaky. My son didn t appreciate being targeted by anybody via his school email for a political campaign,  Mrs. Galvin told me.  I ll be honest   he s not a fan of Hillary Clinton to begin with. He s done his homework and he doesn t like her. The Galvins reached out to Paul Mehlhorn, the principal of the high school. They provided me with a copy of his emailed response. We often receive information from outside sources regarding opportunities for students to get involved in their communities,  he wrote.  We pass on this information to provide students with ways they may meet the requirement to perform 50 hours of community service to graduate. Mehlhorn went on to explain that students are not obligated to volunteer for Clinton s campaign,  nor does it suggest the school supports a particular political candidate, religious doctrine or branch of military. If other  campaigns  were to seek volunteers, we would pass that on also,  he noted.The principal went to say that the email solicitation sounded like a great way to have a conversation with their children about understanding their choices in getting involved or not.As you might imagine, Mr. and Mrs. Galvin were not all that thrilled with the principal s explanation. Politics doesn t belong there   Republican, Democrat, green, purple, white, whatever,  Mrs. Galvin told me.Read more: FOX",politics,"Jan 7, 2016"
Former NYPD VIP Security Detail Says Hillary’s Debate Stage Disappearance Was Due To “problems from [previous] brain injury”,"Almost as scary as the idea that Hillary would lie about a major health concern, is the fact that we have no idea who Hillary will choose as her running mate Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton s disappearance from the debate stage last month left people speculating that the former First Lady took a long bathroom break, but now a law-enforcement source with inside connections is alleging that Clinton was missing from the stage due to health issues stemming from a previous brain injury.These long-lasting symptoms stemming from a concussion and blood clot, according to a neurologist, suggest Clinton is suffering from post-concussion syndrome, which can severely impact her cognitive abilities.All that said, however, Clinton s campaign maintained to Breitbart News that she is in good health and can serve as President of the United States. Strong source just told me something I suspected. Hillary s debate  bathroom break  wasn t that, but flare up of problems from brain injury,  wrote John Cardillo on Twitter.Cardillo, who previously worked as an officer who provided VIP security details for the New York Police Department (NYPD), told Breitbart News that he knows of two additional sources who have commented about Clinton s health problems, which have even impacted her ability to walk to her car after delivering a speech. I got this from both a [federal agent]   and I also got it from a New York [NYPD] guy who worked security at a Hillary event in New York City,  Cardillo told Breitbart News, adding:These are two people that aren t just personal friends. I worked with one and then post law-enforcement worked with another on some related things. So, these aren t anonymous people. These are good friends. Both of them told me the same thing, that after her speeches, whether she did a talk or a policy speech, she had to sit behind   she would come off the podium backstage   and have to sit and rest before making it back to the car because she was so fatigued, dizzy and disoriented.Cardillo said these two security officials don t know each other and do not live in the same state, but  their stories were almost identical. One of the men told him that Clinton was  very pale, kind of disoriented. He said she looked like she was about to faint. She was very pale, almost sweaty. Cardillo said one of the incidents occurred while she was Secretary of State. The event worked by the NYPD official was roughly a year ago.Veteran Republican strategist Roger Stone, who previously worked with GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, told Breitbart News that he has also heard about Clinton s long-term health problems. A number of New York Democrats, very prominent, well-known, wealthy New York Democrats, told me last year that Hillary had very significant health issues and that they were surprised that she was running in view of her health problems and her lack of stamina,  Stone told Breitbart News.  So far, she s run a very controlled campaign, I don t think she has the physical stamina to be president,  he stated.  I have no doubt that Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) won t call her on it, but Trump certainly would. We also know that in the emails, of course, Huma Abedin  says that she is easily confused,  Stone added, referencing Clinton s close confidant Abedin comment in an email,  She s often confused,  referring to Clinton.Trump, Stone s former boss, certainly hasn t been shy in questioning whether Clinton has the  stamina  to be president. She goes out and she sees you guys for about 10 minutes, she sees you for a little while, it s all rehearsed and staged,  Trump said in a recent interview on Fox News  Media Buzz. They ll pick a couple of people out of the audience that are like, you know, 100 percent. She ll sit around a little plastic table, they ll talk to the people for a while. It s ridiculous,  Trump added.  And then she goes away for five or six days and you don t see her. She goes to sleep. Neurologist Dr. Daniel Kassicieh, D.O., reviewed news reports of Clinton s head injury in light of the recent information revealed from the security sources that are raising questions about her current health status.Kassicieh, who has run his own Sarasota, Florida, practice for 20 years, is a board-certified neurologist and the medical director of the Florida Headache and Movement Disorder Center. He is a doctor of osteopathic medicine, which is similar to a medical doctor but can involve at a minimum of 100 more classroom hours of specific training. That additional training is focused on the osteopathic or the musculoskeletal system aspects of medicine. He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Neurology (FAAN) and a Fellow of the American College of Neuro-psychiatrists (FACN). Kassicieh is a registered Republican in Sarasota, but his purely medical analysis is troubling for Clinton. They were trying to poo-poo this off as a minor concussion, but I would just say that reading it and trying to take all the politics out of it, and just read it purely from a medical standpoint,  Kassicieh explained:Considering the point of what happened with Hillary over this time period  the timeline  and then what has happened here more recently  the break at the debate, I saw that and even the commentators that were sitting there made a comment that,  Gee, that seems awful long for a break.  Just looking at it from a neurological standpoint, the risk factors for developing post-concussion syndrome, one of them is age, and she was 65 when this happened  just from a physiologic standpoint that s an older individual. Being female is a risk factor for post-concussion syndrome as well. For someone who has treated many post-concussion syndrome patients and that s what I really believe she s suffering from based on reading these reports and reading what s happened,  Kassicieh said.  I think she has latent post-concussion syndrome, and I can understand that as a politician they would want to be covering that up.  He stated:I would say as a neurologist having seen many post-concussion syndrome patients that I would not want a president who I knew had post-concussion syndrome being president because their super high-level cognitive abilities are clearly impaired and even their routine multitasking high-stress abilities are affected because post-concussion syndrome patients in general don t tolerate even moderate work, stress-related environments.Kassicieh added that if suffering from post concussion syndrome, Clinton s symptoms could appear  well beyond a year  after her concussion. A transverse sinus thrombosis [blood clot] is a rare condition of a clot forming in the venous sinus cavities surrounding the brain,  Kassicieh told Breitbart News, referencing an ABC News report from 2012 that detailed Clinton s head injury and blood clot following a fall. He explained:These venous sinuses drain blood out of the brain. The [injury] incidence is only about 3 per 1,000,000 adults. The transverse sinus is less commonly affected than the main sagittal venous sinus. The cause of transverse sinus clots is not well understood although trauma and dehydration have been described as risk factors. Mrs. Clinton suffered from both.Dr. Nicholas C. Bambakidis also analyzed the facts for Breitbart News. He is the director of cerebrovascular and skull base surgery, and the program director of neurological surgery at University Hospitals Case Medical Center in Cleveland, Ohio, and a professor of neurosurgery and radiology at the CWRU School of Medicine in Cleveland, These types of clots are usually formed spontaneously without an obvious cause,  Bambakidis said in an email:They can be associated with dehydration, a predisposition to blood clotting disorders, are more common in women and may be associated with oral contraceptive medication, severe head trauma, brain surgery, or infection. If untreated, they can progress and lead to bleeding in the brain or swelling, and a stroke or even death. The treatment is generally anticoagulation and treatment of any underlying cause.Bambakidis said that if treated early and quickly, there are no longstanding issues with a person s health. Typically, if caught early and treated adequately (as seems to have been done in this incident) there is a full recovery without any consequences (normal cognition, memory, etc),  he said.Dr. Jane Orient, the executive director of the politically conservative Association of American Physicians and Surgeons also reviewed the 2012 ABC News report about Clinton s concussion and blood clot. She said she thought the ABC report appeared medically accurate. Factors predisposing to clots include air travel, dehydration, hormones, immobilization as during surgery, blood abnormalities, cancer,  Orient said.  Concussions can cause long-term damage including cognitive problems, even when standard studies including CT or MRI look normal. Not saying Mrs. Clinton has any of the above just speaking generally and hypothetically,  she clarified.For entire story: Breitbart News",politics,"Jan 7, 2016"
BOMBSHELL: More Women Threatened By Hillary Are Ready To Come Forward With Sexual Assault Accusations Against Her Perverted Husband [VIDEO],"The Clinton Crime Syndicate may find a few bumps in the road, as they attempt to claw their way back into he White House.  Women who have been intimidated and silenced by the Clinton Crime Syndicate in the past, have recently been inspired by other women who are bravely speaking out against this serial pervert and the woman who has enabled Bill s war against women for decades Since returning to the campaign trail as an advocate for Hillary, Bill Clinton has been harried by renewed interest in his past sexual misconduct as well as Hillary s alleged role in intimidating his victims into silence.Roger Stone, author of the New York Times bestselling  The Clinton s War On Women , claims that he has personal knowledge of previously unknown victims who are preparing to come forward with accusations against the former president. I identified 24 women who ve been assaulted by Bill Clinton,  Stone said on The Sean Hannity Show.  Now some of these women are still terrified. Some of them have had IRS audits. Some of them have had their families threatened. But others have come forward. Are you saying there s women whose names we don t know that are mentioned in your book or not mentioned in your book that are going to come forward and start telling those stories?  Sean asked. Yes, I think it s very probable,  Stone responded.  Not all of them because some of them are still terrified, their families have been threatened, their lives have been threatened. Are we talking about affairs, or are we talking about assaults?  asked Hannity. We re talking about assaults,  declared Stone.  I don t want to get out ahead of myself but I think as Broaddrick, and [Kathleen] Willey, and Jones speak out, other women are encouraged who have been assaulted, who have been threatened by Hillary are encouraged by the courage of those three women. Listen to Roger Stone s bombshell revelation along with author Ed Klein on The Sean Hannity Show:Via: Hannity Show",politics,"Jan 7, 2016"
BREAKING: Man Rushes To Paris Police Station Doors With Knife Screaming “Allahu Akbar”…Was He Another “Muslim Clock Boy?”,"It doesn t appear the man rushing to doors of a Paris police station with a knife, screaming  Allahu Akbar  wearing a fake suicide vest will garner a visit to France s President Francois Hollande s office. While France has made the decision to take a hard-line on Muslim terrorists, Obama and his Attorney General, Loretta Lynch have taken a hard-line against any American who uses language that they consider  hate speech  against Muslims. The idea that the  Muslim Clock Boy  (a term that we coined) was able to take a fake bomb to school and become an overnight celebrity, as our  victim of the month  in America tells us all we need to know about how seriously the Left has taken the threat of terrorism in America. Paris police shot dead on Thursday a man wielding a knife after he tried to enter a police station shouting  Allahu Akbar  (God is Great) and wearing what turned out to be a fake suicide belt.The incident took place exactly one year after deadly Islamist militant attacks on the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine in the French capital and also just minutes after President Francois Hollande had given a speech in an another part of Paris to mark the anniversary. The man may have been wearing something that could be a suicide belt,  Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet told BFM TV. Brandet later confirmed to Reuters that the suicide belt was fake.France has been on high alert ever since the shootings last January at the Charlie Hebdo office and at a Jewish supermarket in which 17 people died over three days.Security concerns were further heightened in November, when 130 people were killed in the capital in coordinated shootings and suicide bombings that targeted a music hall, bars and restaurants and a soccer stadium.Islamic State, the militant group that controls swathes of Iraq and Syria, claimed responsibility for the Nov. 13 attacks. Several of the militants involved in those attacks were, like last January s killers, French-born.In Thursday s incident, the man tried to force his way into the police station in the 18th district in northern Paris, an area that Islamic State said it had been planning to hit as part of the November attacks.WIRES PROTRUDING According to our colleagues, he wanted to blow himself up,  an official at the Alternative Police union said.  He shouted Allahu Akbar and had wires protruding from his clothes. That s why the police officer opened fire. Officials said bomb disposal experts were on site.Journalist Anna Polonyi, who could see the outside of the police station from the window of her flat, posted photos on social media that showed what appeared to be a bomb-disposal robot beside the body.She told Reuters that her sister, in the flat with her, had seen the incident happen. She said the police shouted at the man and that he then started running towards them before they shot him.Last year s attacks have boosted the popularity of the far-right National Front party ahead of a presidential election due in 2017.In his speech, Hollande promised to better equip police to prevent further militant attacks.The president also defended draconian security measures implemented since November that his Socialist government had once shunned. Via: Reuters",politics,"Jan 7, 2016"
"[VIDEO] BLACK TWO-TIME OBAMA VOTER LASHES OUT: “I got tricked, I got bamboozled. I voted for him twice. I’m voting for Trump”","The tide is turning and the Democrats are losing passionate black voters to Donald Trump. Minorities are watching jobs and benefits  going to foreigners that should be going to Americans first. This kind of rhetoric doesn t bode well for the Democrat party. We taking back America. We taking back America. I stand for him [Trump]. They (illegal aliens and refugees)  We don t got no jobs.We got babies too. I got a little girl. I can t hardly support her. No,no, no. But the foreigners driving around in new cars. They ve got the jobs. Obama has failed us. It s time for someone to make a stand. Obama has let me down. I voted for him twice and he broke my heart. We need Donald Trump. Obama has failed. He let us down. We don t have nobody fighting for us. We gotta fight for Obama I mean for Donald Trump not no damn Obama.  I m sick of him [Obama]. I got tricked. I got bamboozled twice. Not gonna do it to me anymore, because Donald Trump s the man. He s [Trump] gonna take care of our veterans. He s gonna take care of our military. He s gonna take care of our babies. They talk about  black and white?'  That s a lie! We built this country together. I love blacks too. Of course I m with blacks. But I gotta keep it real. I m an American not no terrorist. Obama won t even call them  terrorists.  If you fly a plane into a building. If you blow yourself up and the American people you are a terrorist!  White little babies and black little babies don t have food to eat, but you [Obama] gives away $150 billion! ",politics,"Jan 7, 2016"
"[VIDEO] GERMAN MAYOR Blames Victims Of Mass Rape, Sexual Assault By Muslim Migrants For Not Defending Themselves","Because blaming the Muslim migrants who raped and sexually assaulted an untold number of women on New Years Eve would be politically incorrect and certainly not very hospitable A political scandal is developing in Germany as ordinary citizens wake up to the scale of the migrant crime cover-up, and the callous reaction of the mayor of Cologne to mass-sex crime on new year s eve.The Mayor of Cologne has spoken out about the attacks, but her carefully chosen words are unlikely to delight many. Rather than addressing the root causes of the violence   unlimited mass migration and a totally failed system of integration   the newly elected pro-migrant mayor instead blamed the victims of the sexual abuse for having failed to defend themselves against the immigrant attackers.Here is a video of the shocking chaos that took place on New Years Eve:Speaking on live television this afternoon mayor Henriette Reker, who was near-fatally stabbed in the run up to October elections by an anti mass migration campaigner, said in future women would have to be better prepared in her city to deal with migrants.She remarked:  The women and young girls have to be more protected in the future so these things don t happen again. This means, they should go out and have fun, but they need to be better prepared, especially with the Cologne carnival coming up. For this, we will publish online guidelines that these young women can read through to prepare themselves .What form this guidance will take is presently unclear, the mayor could take inspiration from young victim whose modest clothes protected them from the worst consequences of walking at night in areas controlled by migrant men. The woman said:  Fortunately I wore a jacket and trousers. a skirt would probably have been torn away from me .Despite her words of warning towards women in the city they could prepare for more violence against them, she refuted the suggestion there was any link between the attacks and migrants, contradicting her own chief of police.An opposition council member has today sounded the alarm bell on the deteriorating state of control the local government has over the city of Cologne, and in an official letter from the council group has warned those planning to come to the famous Cologne council next month  the city and the police  are unable to guarantee the safety of locals and tourists .Council group leader and lawyer Judith Wolter said in her letter to the people of Cologne today:  I want as a member of the Cologne City Council  to submit a travel warning for the carnival time in Cologne city centre. Especially the area in and around the central station, the cathedral and the adjoining area towards the banks of the Rhine for tourists (and locals) is no longer considered even in normal times as safe. For months, there is in these areas numerous thefts, open drug dealing, robberies and harassment of all kinds  Dozens of women were sexually harassed in public and there was at least one rape. Neither the city nor the police are able to guarantee in the territory described the safety of tourists and locals. Especially for women it must be assumed that a high security risk is here in the evening and night hours. At New Year s Eve there was a legal vacuum and a no-go area for women. With the climax of the Carnival season it is unfortunately expected to be a similar situation .German police have admitted to losing several urban areas to migrant gangs as so-called no-go zones, but this is possibly the first time a public square in the centre of a European city has been acknowledged by officials as having been lost to criminality, and out of the control of police at night.News of the attacks was suppressed for days, with just short reports of isolated incidents in Cologne city centre making it to local outlets on New Year s Day.The Kolnifsche Rundschau described the scene at the railways station as  largely peaceful  and made no effort to describe those who attacked the young women, one of which told press she had  fingers on every orifice  after she was stripped near naked.Only after nearly 100 victims of assault and abuse came forwards to police, and stories of attacks started circulating on social media did the truth of the situation start to slowly emerge, forcing local police to hold a press conference on Monday afternoon.Despite the chief of police admitting the enormous scale of sexual assault and confirming the attackers were of  North African and Arab  origin, much of the mainstream media is still in damage control mode, either trying to shift the focus from migrants, or avoiding the events completely. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Jan 6, 2016"
"IN YOUR FACE! Following Obama’s Gun Control Rally, Ted Cruz Announces Engraved Shotgun Giveaway…One Lucky American Will Win","We don t need to tell you that Ted Cruz is no fan of Obama or of his insatiable desire to strip Americans of their Second Amendment right. On the heels of Obama s gun grabber rally, Ted Cruz is announcing a FREE engraved shotgun to the lucky winner of his raffle.Presidential hopeful and gun lobby favorite Ted Cruz is raffling off a shotgun engraved with his official campaign logo.To win the prize, a 12-gauge Remington 11-87 with an engraving on the stock, contestants have to submit their name, email, zip code and phone number, according to contest.When contestants enter to win, they re asked to contribute but contributions are not necessary. Per the fine print, contributing does not improve the chances of winning. Via: Guns.comThe promotion is subject to rules of eligibility. Entries must be received before midnight on Jan. 30, 2016.",politics,"Jan 6, 2016"
WOW! Watch Former Democrat Hammer Obama On His Weak Leadership And Hatred For America,"Unlike our racist, anti-American President, this brilliant Louisiana State Senator, Elbert Lee Guillory is color blind. He is not however, blind to Obama and his radical agenda. His comments represent what so many Americans believe about Obama and the liberal Democrat party. His plea for Obama to stop leaving America vulnerable to terrorists and nations who hate us is heartbreaking History will remember you, Mr. President as a weakling. From his Facebook page:  Today America is at war with ISIS. They attack our soldiers, our homeland and our friends. When our law abiding citizens need to protect our streets and communities most, President Obama chooses this same moment to limit OUR gun rights. This is my response to his unbelievable position. // <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Mr. President: Disarm ISIS, not Us.Today America is at war with ISIS. They attack our soldiers, our homeland and our friends. When our law abiding citizens need to protect our streets and communities most, President Obama chooses this same moment to limit OUR gun rights. This is my response to his unbelievable position. Mr. President: Disarm ISIS, not Us.Posted by Elbert Lee Guillory on Tuesday, January 5, 2016",politics,"Jan 6, 2016"
"BAM! Reporter Calls Out Obama White House: You ‘live in this illusion or fantasy where you pretend that things are, are not’ [Video]",You ll love this guy   he tells it like it is! ,politics,"Jan 6, 2016"
BEHIND THE CURTAIN: How Obama Plans To Prevent “Certain” Social Security Beneficiaries From Owning Guns,"There is nothing about Obama s executive order gun grab. Barack Hussein Obama has an agenda that, for some reason, no one in America seems to be able to stop. From the video showing fake tears flowing from Obama s left eye, to every false word uttered from his mouth, it is clear he will stop at nothing to fundamentally change America, just as he promised the American voter when he campaigned back in 2007. The White House released a fact-sheet Jan. 4 which previews the executive gun control Obama will unveil Tuesday and one aspect of the new controls is the inclusion of  information from the Social Security Administration in the background check system about beneficiaries who are prohibited from possessing a firearm. On July 18 Breitbart News reported on Obama s push to ban gun-possession for Social Security beneficiaries who are believed incapable of handling their own finances.At that same time, the Los Angeles Times reported that a ban was being put together  outside of public view,  so all the details were not known. But the Times did know that the ban would cover those who are unable to manage their own affairs for a multitude of reasons from  subnormal intelligence or mental illness  to  incompetency,  an unspecified  condition,  or  disease. The ban pertaining to Social Security beneficiaries is now tucked into the  mental health  aspects of Obama s executive gun control.According to the White House executive order preview:Current law prohibits individuals from buying a gun if, because of a mental health issue, they are either a danger to themselves or others or are unable to manage their own affairs. The Social Security Administration (SSA) has indicated that it will begin the rulemaking process to ensure that appropriate information in its records is reported to NICS. The reporting that SSA, in consultation with the Department of Justice, is expected to require will cover appropriate records of the approximately 75,000 people each year who have a documented mental health issue, receive disability benefits, and are unable to manage those benefits because of their mental impairment, or who have been found by a state or federal court to be legally incompetent. The rulemaking will also provide a mechanism for people to seek relief from the federal prohibition on possessing a firearm for reasons related to mental health.Again, the push for a ban on gun possession for certain Social Security beneficiaries was already in the works during the summer, but it is also incorporated into the  mental health  aspect of Obama s executive gun control.And this means that information on beneficiaries who meet the criteria of mental impairment demonstrated in part by an inability to manage their own benefits will be added to the National Instant Criminal Background System (NICS) so that the beneficiaries cannot buy a gun. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Jan 6, 2016"
CHER ATTACKS TRUMP: Compares Bill Clinton’s Infidelities To Trump’s 3 Marriages…Forgets One Important Fact,"Really Cher? We re not excusing infidelity, but it should be pointed out that Donald Trump, who fell in love with Marla Maples, ended up marrying her. How many twisted affairs that Bill had during his marriage to Hillary had a happy ending for the women involved? Did Bill have multiple affairs with women because he loved them, or simply because he s a pervert who clearly has no respect for the sanctity of marriage? We all make mistakes, and comparing a single affair that Trump had, to a serial philanderer is simply not a fair comparison.TRUMP CANT THROW ONE STONE AT PRES CLINTON, REGARDING CHEATING. TRUMP HUMILIATED BOTH HIS WIVES IN HEADLINES 4WKS,BECAUSE OF HIS CHEATING  Cher (@cher) January 5, 2016Marla Maples and her true feelings about Donald Trump:And then there s the our former President, convicted liar and serial pervert, Bill Clinton: SAID THIS B4,BUT MUST REITERATE,IF THERES PRES TRUMP2016,U CAN THANK THE MEDIA NEWS SOURCES HAVE HANDED HIM WIN ON A SILVER PLATTER,4FREE  Cher (@cher) December 30, 2015Honestly Think Pathological Side Of Trump Has Always Existed..However,This Campaign has opened Pandora s Box.He s Lowest Common Denominator  Cher (@cher) December 29, 2015By way of comparison,(aside from the famous White House affair with teenager and intern, Monica Lewinsky) here s the list of accusations against serial pervert, Bill Clinton:Juanita Broaddrick (AR)- rapeEileen Wellstone (Oxford)   rapeElizabeth Ward Gracen   rape   quid pro quo, post incident intimidationRegina Hopper Blakely    forced himself on her, biting, bruising her Kathleen Willey (WH)   sexual assault, intimidations, threatsSandra Allen James (DC)   sexual assault22 Year Old 1972 (Yale)   sexual assaultKathy Bradshaw (AK)   sexual assaultCristy Zercher   unwelcomed sexual advance, intimidationsPaula Jones (AR)   unwelcomed sexual advance, exposure, bordering on sexual assaultCarolyn Moffet -unwelcomed sexual advance, exposure, bordering on sexual assault1974 student at University of Arkansas   unwelcomed physical contact1978-1980   seven complaints per Arkansas state troopersMonica Lewinsky   quid pro quo, post incident character assaultGennifer Flowers   quid pro quo, post incident character assaultDolly Kyle Browning   post incident character assaultSally Perdue   post incident threatsBetty Dalton   rebuffed his advances, married to one of his supportersDenise Reeder   apologetic note scanned",politics,"Jan 6, 2016"
Hillary Clinton Is Asked The Difference Between A Socialist and A Democrat [Video],Awkward! I am a progressive  ,politics,"Jan 6, 2016"
TRUMP’S RIGHT AGAIN: North Korea Says It Just Tested The ‘H Bomb Of Justice’ After Nuclear Test [Video],"Donald Trump is right again: He warned in a Presidential debate that no one was paying attention to North Korea. Well, North Korea just tested a hydrogen bomb so big that it registered as a 5.1 earthquake. Yes, we might want to pay more attention to them North Korea wanted what it called  the H-bomb of justice  as protection from the  ever-growing nuclear threat and blackmail by the U.S.-led hostile forces, The Wall Street Journal:An earthquake hit North Korea early Wednesday near the site of the nation s previous nuclear tests and South Korean experts said the seismic activity appeared to be triggered by a man-made explosion.North Korean state radio said Pyongyang would make an  important  announcement at 12 p.m. North Korea time, according to Seoul s Unification Ministry, which monitors its neighbor s media.The U.S. Geological Survey reported the magnitude of the quake at 5.1, with the epicenter in the northeast of the country, 49 kilometers (30 miles) from the nuclear test site of Pyunggye-ri.North Korea s last nuclear test in February 2013 was of the same magnitude. In December, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said the country was ready to detonate atomic and hydrogen bombs, according to state media.AT THE 54:28 MARK TRUMP SPEAKS ABOUT NORTH KOREA: Ted and I have spoken, a lot of us have spoken, because we re talking about Iran -and they are bad actors   bad things are going to happen   but in the meantime you have somebody right now in North Korea who s got nuclear weapons, and who is saying almost every other week  I m ready to use them , and we don t even mention it. ~ Donald Trump Via: Conservative Treehouse",politics,"Jan 6, 2016"
BREAKING: Iran Publicly Humiliates Obama…Unveils Second Underground Missile Capable Of Carrying Nuclear Warhead,"A clear violation of Obama s lopsided  deal  with Iran Hey Barry do you still think Iran wants to be our friend? What was the rush for America to cave to Iran while totally ignoring their nuclear ambitions?  Iran unveiled a new underground missile depot on Tuesday with state television showing Emad precision-guided missiles in store which the United States says can take a nuclear warhead and violate a 2010 U.N. Security Council resolution.The defiant move to publicize Iran s missile program seemed certain to irk the United States as it plans to dismantle nearly all sanctions on Iran under a breakthrough nuclear agreement.Tasnim news agency and state television video said the underground facility, situated in mountains and run by Iran s Revolutionary Guards, was inaugurated by the speaker of parliament, Ali Larijani. Release of one-minute video followed footage of another underground missile depot last October.The United States says the Emad, which Iran tested in October, would be capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and U.S. officials say Washington will respond to the Emad tests with fresh sanctions against Iranian individuals and businesses linked to the program.Iran s boasting about its missile capabilities are a challenge for U.S. President Barack Obama s administration as the United States and European Union plan to dismantle nearly all international sanctions against Tehran under the nuclear deal reached in July. Via: Reuters ",politics,"Jan 5, 2016"
CROCODILE TEARS: Watch Obama Use Phony Outrage To Gain Sympathy For Gun Control,"Following Obama s phony tears, he launched directly into attack mode of the Republican majority Congress (who have already proven their not on our team) and the gun lobby. All of us need to demand a Congress brave enough to stand up to the gun lobbies lies. Every time I think about those kids it gets me mad,  he said, as he bowed his head for ultimate effect, and then boom as though he never shed a tear, the attack against Republicans and gun lobbies began.Where was his outrage when Kate Steinle was killed by an illegal alien in a Sanctuary City? Where was his outrage when cops were being killed as a result of his war against cops? Obama s selective outrage and faux tears aren t fooling anyone who s paying attention This isn t the first time Obama used a fake dramatic scene to promote his agenda. Remember this phony scene? Obama was in the middle of his speech promoting socialized medicine, but somehow was able to see a woman behind him about to pass out. Watch him save her just in the nick of time. ",politics,"Jan 5, 2016"
"WHEN IT COMES TO IRAN, Obama Just Can’t Help Himself: U.S. Allies Say Obama Has Secretly Chosen Sides In Saudi Arabia, Iran Conflict","The new cold war between Saudi Arabia and Iran has been going on for a while, but has now escalated to a critical stage.  It would be great if our President would take a stand and make his position known to the American public. But we re not dealing with just any President. We re dealing with Barack Hussein Obama, the guy who buddies up to terrorist and communist nations. We re talking about a President who treats our enemies like friends and many of our allies like enemies. Pay attention to this very important situation in the Middle East. It could get very ugly As the cold war between Iran and Saudi Arabia heats up, the Barack Obama administration is trying to straddle the fence and not take sides, but its actions tell a different story   they all seem to favor Tehran.Following the Saudi government s announcement Saturday that it had executed 47 prisoners, including a popular Shiite cleric, the U.S. State Department did two things. First, it issued a statement expressing concern that Riyadh s actions were  exacerbating sectarian tensions.  Then Secretary of State John Kerry called Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, urging him to try to de-escalate the crisis.Spokesmen for the White House and State Department on Monday insisted that the U.S. was not taking a side, and that Kerry was set to call Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir. But U.S. and Arab diplomats tell us that America s Gulf allies, who feel most threatened by Iran, see things very differently.The State Department has criticized Saudi Arabia before for executions and its human rights record. But this time, its spokesman, John Kirby, undermined the Saudi claim that Iran s government was culpable for the attacks on its embassy, noting in his opening statement that Iran appears to have arrested some of those responsible.What s more, the Saudis argue that this time the U.S. criticism went too far because the cleric, Nimr al-Nimr, was inciting terrorism.  We do not accept any criticism of the kingdom s judicial system,  al-Jubeir said Sunday.  What happened was that those who have led terrorist operations that led to the killing of innocent people, were convicted. Following Saudi Arabia s decision Sunday to cut diplomatic ties and end Iran-bound commercial flights, Bahrain, Sudan and the United Arab Emirates also downgraded relations. One senior Gulf diplomat told us he expected other Sunni Arab states would follow suit.At the root of the problem for Sunni Arab states is the nuclear deal reached last summer by Iran and Western nations. When the White House sold the pact to Congress and Middle Eastern allies, its message was clear: Nothing in the deal would prevent the U.S. from sanctioning Iran for non-nuclear issues. Yet that has not been the case.Last week, the Treasury Department balked at the last moment on sanctioning 11 entities and individuals it deemed responsible for helping the Iranian government develop its ballistic missile program in violation of United Nations sanctions. Treasury officials had told lawmakers the new sanctions would be announced Dec. 30, but then the announcement never came.Hill staffers briefed on the issue said that the State Department had intervened at the last minute, following objections by the Iranian government. A senior administration official told us the sanctions weren t dead and that the U.S. was still working through some remaining issues, but didn t specify any timetable.A week earlier, Kerry wrote personally to Zarif to assure him that the Obama administration could waive new restrictions in a law passed by Congress that would require visas for anyone who had visited Iran to enter the United States. The Iranian government had objected that the visa requirement would violate the terms of the nuclear agreement.Read more: Bloomberg View",politics,"Jan 5, 2016"
PRICELESS: Watch Bill Clinton’s Awkward Response When Asked If His Perverted Past Is “Fair Game”,"Let s be honest when it comes to the Clinton clan, is there really any criminal or morally corrupt act they ve committed that the media doesn t consider  off limits? I think there s always a temptation to take the election away from people, so I m just gonna give it to them.  -Bill Clinton s utterly incoherent answer to question about his perverted past posed to him by ABC s Cecilia Vega..@ABC Exclusive: Bill Clinton responds to Trump's claim that his past is fair game in interview with @CeciliaVegaABChttps://t.co/4ARzemKcRY  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) January 4, 2016",politics,"Jan 4, 2016"
WATCH: CNN HOST GETS SCHOOLED By Guest After Comparing Oregon Protesters To #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists,"Facts are funny things Ever wonder why the Left is so opposed to using them in an argument?CNN law enforcement analyst Art Rodericktold explained to CNN host Brian Stelter, armed protesters in Oregon who took over a federal building to protest a tyrannical federal government, were not being surrounded by federal agents because:  They re not destroying property, they re not looting. ",politics,"Jan 4, 2016"
"BUNDY SON AND RANCHERS POST VIDEOS On Facebook: Speak Out Against “Lies on social media,” Explain Why They’re Fighting Tyrannical Government","// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]> We re here because we re tired of the lies in the social media. Our federal government has run amuk. Everybody has guns. Just because you have guns, doesn t mean that you re violent. Oregon rancher asking for our help!Posted by Bundy Ranch on Sunday, 3 January 2016// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Come help the ranchers in Oregon gain back their rights!Posted by Bundy Ranch on Monday, 4 January 2016 // <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Oregon rancher asking for our help!Posted by Bundy Ranch on Sunday, 3 January 2016This rancher traveled from Michigan to show his support for the ranchers. He s calling for a peaceful resolution to this issue:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Calling all to come and help the people of Harney CountyKen Rhoads, (71) calling all to come and help the people of Harney County. Come to the Malheur Wildlife Refuge 30 mile from Burns Oregon. We have a warm place for you to lay your head and food to eat. We need you to make this happen without violence.Posted by Bundy Ranch on Sunday, 3 January 2016",politics,"Jan 4, 2016"
BREAKING: Trump Unveils First Ad Focusing On The Real Danger To America – NOT Global Warming!,"Donald Trump revealed his first ad of the political season. No matter what candidate you support, this hits home with its focus on terrorism. ",politics,"Jan 4, 2016"
"BOOM! Judge Jeanine to Obama: ‘Instead of blaming guns, why don’t you start shooting terrorists?’",Another golden moment from the great Judge Jeanine-We love her! ,politics,"Jan 3, 2016"
WATCH: HILLARY BERATE RAPE VICTIM Over Question About Bill At Town Hall,"Of course Hillary cares about rape victims, unless they re tied to her husband, the serial pervert Hillary s ongoing war on women.Sounding like a schoolmarm disciplining a child, Hillary Clinton yelled down a heckler at a a rally in Dover. It turns out the woman who heckled Clinton was a GOP State Rep. from Derry. She was trying to ask about Juanita Broderrick s rape allegations against Bill Clinton.HERE S THE NASTY MOMENT:",politics,"Jan 3, 2016"
FLASHBACK: SPY WHO HACKED INTO SECRET CLINTON DATA FOUND DEAD IN DUFFEL BAG IN BATHTUB,"Could this be another casualty of the Clinton Crime Syndicate? The MI6 spy who was found dead inside a holdall bag in his bathtub in London hacked into secret data held on former U.S. President Bill Clinton, The Sun newspaper has sensationally claimed today.Gareth Williams was 31 years old when he was found naked, dead in his own bathtub in Pimlico, just a few minutes walk away from Britain s Houses of Parliament.Speculation has been rife ever since his death in September 2010 about the circumstances surrounding his death. A Metropolitan Police investigation revealed predictably, though suspiciously, that Mr Williams  death was  probably an accident . This was despite an initial inquest concluding that his death was  unnatural and likely to have been criminally mediated. Since then the unexplained death has been the subject of investigation by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The BBC reported as early as December 2010 that Mr Williams had been on secondment from Britain s signals intelligence operation GCHQ to MI6, and then subsequently to the United States  National Security Agency.The Sun reports that Williams had  dug out the guestlist for an event the former American president was going to as a favour for a pal. The Murdoch-owned paper reports:The Sun on Sunday can reveal that voicemail messages Mr Williams left for family and pals were deleted in the days after his death. And a rival agent may also have broken into the flat to destroy or remove evidence.The inquest was barred from discussing Mr Williams s work in public. But sources say he was helping on the joint monitoring network Echelon, which uses sophisticated programs to eavesdrop on terrorists and criminal gangs, particularly those in Russia. A source said:  The Clinton diary hack came at a time when Williams s work with America was of the most sensitive nature. It was a diplomatic nightmare for Sir John Sawers, the new director of MI6 at the time. Insiders claim Mr Williams, who had been given a second passport with a fresh identity, was also getting fed up with living a secret life. He is said to have loathed his spy training after having his wrist broken during one hardcore session. Mr Williams, a keen cyclist originally from Anglesey, North Wales, died shortly after returning from a hacking conference in America.He had been to see a drag queen show by himself two days before he was last seen alive, on August 15, 2010.Eight days later his naked body was found folded into the 32in by 19in bag placed in the bath of his flat in Pimlico, central London.His mobile phone and sim cards were laid out on a table. The last computer evidence of him being alive showed him looking at a cycling website.A number of theories exist about Mr William s death, including that of a scorned ex-lover, a  Kremlin car  driving past his house, and some bizarre sexual fantasies that Mr Williams may have played out and taken too far.Mr Williams had no alcohol or drugs in his system when he was found, and the inquest found that he would not have been able to seal himself in the bag alone.The Metropolitan Police refused to comment on the new revelations that Mr Clinton s security details may have been breached by Mr Williams. Via: Breitbart News Originally posted on Aug. 30, 2015",politics,"Jan 3, 2016"
GERMAN RESIDENTS FIGHT BACK: Anti-Islamic Song With No Words Knocks Adele Off Top Spot,"Apparently these Germans are not interested in becoming another Sweden A wordless anti-Islamist hymn knocked chart-buster Adele off the top of the charts in Germany.A wordless hymn by the anti-Islamic group Pegida called  Together we re strong  has knocked pop diva Adele off the top of the Amazon singles chart.The song has been available to buy on Amazon since December 21st and has been among the top 100 best selling singles for four days.German media picked up on the songs emerging success on Tuesday when it was still at number 26 in the chart. Die Welt reported that despite widespread ridicule, the hymn, which contains no words, was selling well.Since then it has leaped up to overtake Adele s hit single  Hello. It has also jumped above successful German recording artists Robin Schulz and Sido, who have been knocked down to places three and four, respectively.On YouTube the hymn has also clocked up over 100,000 views so far. However, most of the commentaries underneath ridicule it for its banality.A PEGIDA activist put video of the German anti-Islamist protester to the hymn by Peggy Sounds,  Germainsam Sind Wir Stark.   Via: Local h/t Gateway Pundit",politics,"Jan 3, 2016"
TRUTH! Donald Trump: ‘Clinton Created ISIS With Obama’ [Video],It s about time someone called this what it is. The foreign policy in the Obama regime has created ISIS. ,politics,"Jan 3, 2016"
Uh Oh! Obama Returns From Vacation ‘Fired Up’ For His Last Year In Office,"This last year could be the most devastating year for America with Obama s attempt at  tackling unfinished business . Gun control, closing GITMO and so many other things Obama s got in store for us. While Congress does absolutely nothing! Please remember this and vote accordingly!HONOLULU (AP)   President Barack Obama is returning to the rancor of the nation s capital after two weeks of fun and sun in his native Hawaii, saying he s  fired up  for his final year in office and ready to tackle unfinished business.At the top of Obama s priority list is executive action that is expected to expand when background checks are required for gun purchases. Obama is meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Monday to discuss a three-month review of what actions he could take to help reduce gun violence.The actions, which are staunchly opposed by Republicans and likely to spark a legal fight, underscore Obama s desire to keep up an aggressive agenda in 2016, even as the public s attention shifts to the presidential election.Obama spent much of his vacation out of the public eye, playing golf with friends and dining out on the island of Oahu with his family. He also worked on his final State of the Union address, scheduled for Jan. 12.The address to Congress is a high-profile opportunity for the president to try to reassure the public about his national security stewardship after the terrorism attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, California. Advisers say Obama will also look for other opportunities to keep security issues at the forefront as he tries to ease Americans  concerns.Despite his deep differences with Republicans, Obama has cited two agenda items for 2016 that have bipartisan support: a free trade agreement with 11 other nations called the Trans-Pacific Partnership and changes in the criminal justice system that would reduce incarceration rates for nonviolent offenders. He often points out that the U.S. accounts for 5 percent of the world s population and 25 percent of its inmates.Read more: AP",politics,"Jan 3, 2016"
UAW BULLIES Print Names Of Non-Members In Right-To-Work State [VIDEO],"This should come as no surprise to anyone who has watched these thugs in action. There is no line the union bosses won t cross to keep the unions dues flowing .The list, obtained by the 7 Investigators, is creating a stir among current and ex-union members in southeast Michigan.The Warren chapter of the UAW, Local 412, appears to publicly shame those opting out of the union   listing 43 workers who,  choose not to pay their fair share. Paying members are encouraged to virtually shun them, the union saying,  do not share any tools, knowledge or support for any of these employees. Here s a little sample (video below) of MI union workers and how they bully and harass anyone who tries to prevent them from forcing workers from joining. This video was taken in Lansing, MI prior to the passage of the Right-To-Work legislation. Leisa and I (Patty) were present at this event when these bullies spent days walking around threatening anyone who opposed them. They knocked over our podium and cut down banners on the stairs leading up to the State Capitol that we reserved. Male union members physically and verbally assaulted us and even went so far as to cut down the tent that AFP rented with several people inside, including a disabled woman with an oxygen tank. Critics say the union is,  Trying to use co-workers to peer pressure [them] to pay the union,  says Vincent Vernuccio with the Mackinac Center for Public Policy.  We ve seen other locals use it. Its just simply intimidation and bullying. Local 412 has a different take on this. They say its simply informational.In the letter, the chapter claims the list is to make sure those ex-members are barred from events and other benefits.The president of Local 412 didn t answer our calls for comment.One of those ex-members singled out in bold by the union is Robert Patchett. In an interview with 7 Action News, he said he feels like he has a  target on my back. He says a number of union workers have visited his office inquiring about him since the December list came out and he fears what that may mean. Via: WXYZ",politics,"Jan 2, 2016"
If Your Biological Plumbing Doesn’t Match Sign On Door You’ll Have To Use Another Bathroom If This Bill Passes,"PC is killing our country. This is called fighting back While counterculture crackpots are working themselves into a lather over the prospect that, in some places, men who think that they re women can go tinkle in the same restroom where a 6-year-old girl is pulling down her panties, one state legislator has decided that it might be time to push back.Indiana State Sen. Jim Tomes, who probably accepts basic biology and believes that people born with a penis are male, proposed a bill that would make it a Class A misdemeanor for trannies to use a bathroom that doesn t correspond to their birth gender.Last week, Tomes uttered the following line that s sure to ignite tempers among the social justice mob:  If you were born a man, then you are obliged to use the males  restroom. What s next? A hereditary monarchy?Anyone convicted of a Class A misdemeanor could face a year in prison and as much as a $5,000 fine.It should be noted, though, that the language in the legislation makes exceptions for janitors, first aid providers, and parents accompanying children under the age of 8.The bill does, however, cover schools. So if it passes and Little Boy Twinkletoes decides that he needs to use the girls  locker room after gym class, then he s facing charges.Indiana saw some action in the culture war last year when the state passed a religious freedom law. That law was widely opposed by American liberals, who hate religious freedom.Via: DownTrend",politics,"Jan 2, 2016"
ANDREW BREITBART Warned Us The Occupy Wall Street Movement Would Morph Into An Orchestrated Race War [VIDEO]," No One Listened We had many chances to expose this freak show when it started, but Americans allowed the Left to bully us into submission for fear of being labeled a  racist It s important to understand this  movement  comprised of domestic terrorists and their motives. Please read this story to the end.Here is Andrew Breitbart s warning to Americans just before he died:Why is Breitbart News so on top of the Black Lives Matter movement?Easy. We saw it coming.Not everyone liked what we saw either. In August 2012, the magazine American Conservative did an article on the film Occupy Unmasked. That film was directed by Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon and featured people like Andrew Breitbart, Brandon Darby, and myself exposing the Occupy Wall Street movement for what it was   a socialist, Obama-inspired activist movement. We pointed out that Occupy was the latest incarnation of the far-left, anti-American protest movements that dates back to the 1960s  Students for a Democratic Society and Black Panthers. We also said that the next step in the evolution of Occupy Wall Street would be race-based.Breitbart News has given #BlackLivesMatter more detailed, deep, and honest coverage than any other media outlet on the planet in 2015, and for good reason. From covering every major protest they did to exposing the cop killer that the group worships to revealing the secret funder behind the movement to Milo Yiannopoulos s complete shredding of activist Shaun King, Breitbart News has been the go-to source for original reporting on Black Lives Matter.American Conservative took the film to task for using the term  race war  to describe what we saw as the next phase of the Occupy movement. Remember, Occupy Unmasked came out about a year before three self-described queer black women started Black Lives Matter in July 2013. In 2012, Anita MonCrief was mocked by American Conservative when she defended her use of the term  race war  in Occupy Unmasked by saying:But seriously, that s why you have Barack Obama out there saying if he had a son, he would look like Trayvon Martin.   they want black people running around in hoodies protesting in the streets. That s what he s looking for.   He wants us divided, and he wants us to fight in the streets, so they can basically keep us down.MonCrief said this two years before the hoodie-wearing thugs burned down Ferguson, before they looted and set fire to Baltimore, before they shut down Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% at NetRoots nation, and before they shut down Chicago s  Magnificent Mile  on the busiest shopping day of the year.Anita Moncrief is an amazing patriot who doesn t get enough credit for exposing the truth about the Left. Watch her shocking testimony of how she became a conservative warrior here:The assertion that Occupy Wall Street would morph into Black Lives Matter wasn t a lucky guess. MonCrief, Darby, and I are all former leftists with professional organizational experience. Anita was a whistleblower who worked for ACORN, Darby was a cofounder of Common Ground in New Orleans, and I did work for MoveOn.org and Brave New Films. Because we understand the tactics and the players, it was clear to us that the Occupy movement and its focus on class had failed to resonate with a large enough segment of the American people. We knew that the logical next step was to head back to the 1960s  playbook of trying to tear down America by creating as deep a racial rift as possible.With Barack Obama in the White House and Eric Holder running the Department of Justice, the stage was set for the next iteration of the Occupy Wall Street movement. Black Lives Matter was the new Occupy.We also saw that community organizers were working on developing a new movement based on young black people in the wake of George Zimmerman s not guilty verdict in the Trayvon Martin shooting case. As I wrote at Breitbart News in July 2013, the takeover of the Florida statehouse by the group Dream Defenders was a  magnet for young people. The long-term goal is straightforward and explicit: the 2014 vote. Once in the Capitol, the Dream Defenders are giving the enthusiastic participants organizer training, right in the governor s office. With two generations of educators, media, and legal experts all schooled in New Left political correctness by America s leading universities, the Black Lives Matter movement has been essentially immune to criticism. The result has left universities, businesses, and police departments defenseless   intellectually and physically   against Black Lives Matter.There s been a practical cost as well. We ve seen businesses burned to the ground in Ferguson and Baltimore. We ve seen other businesses shut down at the Mall of America and on Chicago s  Magnificent Mile.  We ve seen the murder rate spike in cities across the country as a result of the  Ferguson Effect  that has caused police officers to pull back from enforcing the law in the face of unrelenting hostility and scrutiny.We ve seen universities from coast-to-coast bullied into staff firings and policy changes that were meant to only aid black students. These college uprisings have been accompanied by a fierce hatred of free speech; and when combined with the bold aggressiveness of multicultural and feminist Social Justice Warriors, they ve created an educational environment that is openly hostile to white students and faculty.With the next presidential election only 11 months away, conservatives and Republicans would be making a huge mistake to ignore the Black Lives Matter movement.At the close of 2015, the pot is getting ready to boil over. The decision not to prosecute Cleveland police officers in the shooting death of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, the ongoing anger in Minneapolis over the death of Jamar Clark, and two recent Chicago police shootings all create an atmosphere where even angier protests are in the works.Already, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and his Democrat machine regard Black Lives Matter activists as an existential threat.The engine that drives the anger is the mainstream media, which has done nothing to seriously vet the Black Lives Matter movement. Much of the anger is caused by the inaccurate reporting that consistently vilifies the police and leaves out key details about the shooting victims. This has led to fables such as  Hands Up, Don t Shoot,  which have continued to be amplified and repeated by Black Lives Matter protesters long after they have been debunked.In fact, one of the key characteristics of the Black Lives Matter movement and the mainstream media s reporting on it is a naked antipathy for facts. Both in real life and on social media like Twitter, leading Black Lives Matter activists are known for shutting down the speech of dissenting opinions and literally blocking anyone who disagrees with them.The result has been a hermetically sealed activist movement that is angry and ignorant, with a hairtrigger temper and a long list of grievances that have no factual basis. Worse, their set of crazed demands have been granted time and again by officials who are too scared to speak out for fear of being branded racists.Like spoiled children, none of this appeasement has done anything to quell the protesters  fury. Every time that politicians or university administrators have given into the outrageous, entitled Black Lives Matter mob, they ve learned that feeding that monster has only given it more power to make more demands.In the face of all this feckless kowtowing, no wonder the blunt and in-your-face style of billionaire Donald Trump has hit home for so many Americans. Trump   like Ronald Reagan in the 1960s   seems to be one of the few people in public life willing to tell Black Lives Matter protesters to sit down, shut up, and stop taking the loser road of self-victimization.This is one of the reasons that Donald Trump, more than any other political candidate on the scene right now, has incurred so much of the wrath and anger of Black Lives Matter. They are keenly aware that he simply will not play their game. The other current frontrunner for the Republican nomination is Texas Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)97% , who has already demonstrated that he is no cupcake either. Should either Cruz or Trump be the nominee, expect Black Lives Matter s army to take to the streets and try to shut them down at every opportunity.For that reason, the current political season is set to be even more divisive than either of the last two election cycles, which had already set a very high bar for vitriol.As the newest incarnation of the activist Left, Black Lives Matter will not back down or rest until it is either stopped by somone gutsy enough to call them out or until it gets what it wants: a bloody revolution leading to a socialist/anarchist America.The one thing the left has not counted on, however, is a dogged, active conservative media culture that can bring real information straight to the American people without being filtered by Black Lives Matter s journalism school comrades. We re not about to let Black Lives Matter or any leftist revolutionary movement destroy America without making sure they re fully revealed for what they are. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Jan 2, 2016"
"Serial Plagiarist Does Victory Dance Over White People Dying, Trump Can’t Save You!","White people the only lives that DON T matter. Imagine the outrage if he were taking a victory lap over a study showing Muslims dying in increasing numbers Citing a study that shows Middle American whites are dying in increasing numbers, like a twisted and bitter eugenicist, serial-plagiarist Fareed Zakaria doesn t even attempt to contain his glee. By painting those who are supposedly dying as useless, drug-addicted ragers, he paints a picture of a weak, angry, and ultimately stupid ethnic group getting what it deserves.If this were any other group, Zakaria would not be using the pages of the Washington Post for a victory dance. Instead, he would be launching an emotional blackmail campaign to cure this  epidemic  with hundreds of billions of federal dollars. Like most of the elite media, though, Zakaria despises Middle America, so he joyously assumes the study is accurate and bloodlessly screams  Told You So! The headline says it all:  America s Self-Destructive Whites,  and naturally the opening paragraph contains the words  Donald  and  Trump. Why is Middle America killing itself? The fact itself is probably the most important social science finding in years. It is already reshaping American politics. The Post s Jeff Guo notes that the people who make up this cohort are  largely responsible for Donald Trump s lead in the race for the Republican nomination for president. What does this  epidemic  mean to Zakaria?That it s time for compassion?Time for government action?Time for understanding?No. It means  more rage  from creepy Middle America:The key question is why, and exploring it provides answers that suggest that the rage dominating U.S. politics will only get worse.Zakaria hints that the study s numbers are a tad shaky, but that doesn t stop him from doing a happy dance around the fact that Middle America s Got It Coming .The main causes of death are as striking as the fact itself: suicide, alcoholism, and overdoses of prescription and illegal drugs.  People seem to be killing themselves, slowly or quickly,  Deaton told me. These circumstances are usually caused by stress, depression and despair.Middle America s a Bunch of Wussies .A conventional explanation for this middle-class stress and anxiety is that globalization and technological change have placed increasing pressures on the average worker in industrialized nations. But the trend is absent in any other Western country   it s an exclusively American phenomenon. And the United States is actually relatively insulated from the pressures of globalization, having a vast, self-contained internal market.Stupid Middle America Should Stop Voting Against the Welfare State Deaton speculated to me that perhaps Europe s more generous welfare state might ease some of the fears associated with the rapid change.Middle America s Spoiled By White Privilege [O]ther groups might not expect that their income, standard of living and social status are destined to steadily improve. They don t have the same confidence that if they work hard, they will surely get ahead. In fact, Rouse said that after hundreds of years of slavery, segregation and racism, blacks have developed ways to cope with disappointment and the unfairness of life[.]They do not assume that the system is set up for them. They try hard and hope to succeed, but they do not expect it as the norm.Donald Trump Can t Save You!Mwuh, huh, huh, huh Donald Trump has promised that he will change this and make them win again. But he can t. No one can. And deep down, they know it. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Jan 2, 2016"
#BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Disrupt Chicago Diners In Lame Attempt To Gain Sympathy,We re thinking it s having the opposite effect. Maybe it s time for a food fight  The Black Lives Matter terrorist began harassing unsuspecting patrons this morning at Dove s Diner on Wicker Road in Chicago.https://twitter.com/ZachStafford/status/682994134395793410h/t Gateway Pundit,politics,"Jan 2, 2016"
Desperation? The Clinton Grifters Go Back On The Campaign Trail,"The World Class Grifters aka The Clintons are going on the road to  campaign. Does anyone else smell desperation? Can Hillary not stand on her own two feet? Bill is also known as Slick Willy so perhaps Hillary s thinking everyone forgot his sexcapades while in office. This could make for some great political theatre Ol  Bubba is the gift that keeps on giving. Just when he thought it was safe to hit the road again, Hillary reminds a new generation of voters why wise and prudent men lock up their wives and daughters when Bubba s in the neighborhoodShe has dispatched Bubba to campaign for her next week in New Hampshire. Bubba knows how to do politics   there s nobody better   and Hillary, who s a whiz at squeezing boodle from contributors with payback on their minds, hasn t a clue. When she occasionally has a good week, she follows the next with a blunder.Bubba has stepped forward in recent days to take over the retail end of the family business, and was looking forward to doing what he does best. But he forgot to put a leash and a muzzle on Hillary, who decided it was a good time to take on Donald Trump. Not a good idea.She was offended by the Donald s coarseness and rudeness, forgetting who was talking. She pretended to be shocked by the Donald s locker-room swagger, and specifically his mockery of her campaign prowess against Barack Obama in 2008.  She was going to beat Obama,  the Donald had told a crowd in Grand Rapids.  She was going to beat   she was favored to win   and she got schlonged. She lost.  It s not clear whether the lady was offended by the reminder of how she squandered that opportunity, or by his use of obscure Yiddish slang for a man s most precious junk.Nevertheless, the first lady who frequently turned the White House air blue with her muleskinner language played the delicate-flower card as defender of women against the Donald and the Republican  war on women. Read more: WT",politics,"Jan 2, 2016"
OBAMA AND DOJ’S RADICAL DIRECTOR To Meet Monday On Gun Control Executive Action,"When Loretta Lynch was confirmed as the new Director of the DOJ, it was clear that our Senate had once again caved to the radical agenda of the Obama administration. Lynch is nothing more than Eric Holder in a dress. So now we have a power grab on gun control that could have been predicted because Lord knows Obama needs to fulfill his agenda on everything before leaving office. Bottom line is that our Senate failed us Blame them for this mess because it could have been avoided.President Barack Obama will meet Monday with Attorney General Loretta Lynch to discuss options for tougher gun restrictions and is expected to announce in the coming days a new executive action with the goal of expanding background checks on gun sales.Described as  imminent  by people familiar with the White House plans, the set of executive actions would fulfill a promise by the President to take further unilateral steps the administration says could help curb gun deaths.Plans for the action are not yet complete, and those familiar with the process warn that unforeseen circumstances could delay an announcement. But gun control advocates are expecting the new actions to be revealed next week, ahead of Obama s annual State of the Union address, set for January 12.The White House wouldn t comment directly on the exact timing or content of Obama s executive orders. White House spokesman Eric Schultz said that the President expected a set of recommendations on unilateral action to arrive at the beginning of the year.Plans began to become clearer on New Year s Day with a White House announcement accompanying Obama s weekly address that on Monday the president would meet with Lynch. Change, as always, is going to take all of us,  Obama said in his weekly address.  The gun lobby is loud and well organized in its defense of effortlessly available guns for anyone. The rest of us are going to have to be just as passionate and well organized in our defense of our kids. That s the work of citizenship   to stand up and fight for the change that we seek. Read more: cnn",politics,"Jan 2, 2016"
DISGRACEFUL: US Air Force Can No Longer Afford 21-Gun Salute At Vet Funerals…Plenty Of Funds For Muslim Immigrants,"We can t afford to give our US Veterans a proper funeral, but we ve got money to burn when it comes to bringing Muslim refugees to the US from countries who hate us. On average, each Middle Eastern refugee resettled in the United States costs an estimated $64,370 in the first five years, or $257,481 per household. When a veteran or member of the armed forces dies, he or she is entitled to a ceremony that includes the presentation of a U.S. flag to a family member and a bugler blowing Taps. Most of the time, there is a three-volley rifle salute if requested by family members. But now, if the deceased served in the Air Force, the three-volley salute is not an option because the Air Force can no longer support riflemen for funeral services for veteran retirees.Seven member services for retirees included six members to serve as pall-bearers, a six member flag-folding detail, and a three riflemen to fire the salute. Veteran s funerals now only receive the services of two-member teams, who provide a flag-folding ceremony, the playing of taps, and the presentation of the flag to the next of kin. To me, without the 21-gun salute, it just does not make it complete a proper military burial,  veteran Wayne Wakeman told Honolulu s KHON 2 News.  I think because of sequestration or the lack of funds or whatever excuse they re giving, that they had to hit the veterans. Wakeman is correct in supposing the cut is due to sequestration, the 2013 automatic federal spending cuts required by the Budget Control Act of 2011.Rose Richeson, from the Secretary of the Air Force s Public Affairs Press Desk, told We Are The Mighty the policy of restricting the funeral honor is an Air Force-wide requirement. The requirement is consistent with DoD policy which require a minimum of two personnel,  Richeson said.  Any number of personnel above two that is provided in support of military funeral honors is based on local resources available.  Via: FOX News",politics,"Jan 1, 2016"
HOUSE DEMOCRATS MAKE STUNNING Move To Implement Sharia Law In America,"While US citizens are outraged over the removal of Christ from pretty much every aspect of our lives, including Christmas, Democrat members of Congress are working fast and furiously to implement America s first Sharia Law...If they get their way  They will be stripping us of our basic rights, and we need to be prepared for their TERRIFYING hope and get Americans aware of what is happening!On December 17, Democrat Congressmen quietly sponsored House Resolution 569, a resolution that asks lawmakers to condemn  violence, bigotry, and hateful rhetoric towards Muslims in the United States.  The resolution specifically mentions Muslims, no other religious groups, and will serve as a test by which further criminalizing of  Islamophobia  may be introduced.Democrats have shamelessly lumped together  hate speech  with  violence  in an effort to compare criticism of Islam to physically harming Muslims. H. Res. 569 threatens to restrict our right to even report facts that tarnish Islam s reputation, a law that all Sharia-governed countries already have in place.According to Congress.gov, the resolution reads: Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the House of Representatives denounces in the strongest terms the increase of hate speech, intimidation, violence, vandalism, arson, and other hate crimes targeted against mosques, Muslims, or those perceived to be Muslim; urges local and Federal law enforcement authorities to work to prevent hate crimes; and to prosecute to the fullest extent of the law those perpetrators of hate crimes Muslims are slaughtering innocent people more than any other religious groups combined, all while refusing as a whole to condemn this barbaric Islamic terrorism, yet we are working to ensure these silent, consenting  moderates  have special protection   protection that they have never allowed religious minorities in their own countries.In another passage, Democrats laughably purport that Muslims have contributed to the fabric of American society, but we re assuming they don t mean terrorist attacks on U.S. soil, countless frivolous CAIR lawsuits, whitewashed Islamic education in public schools, or whining about pork products and a lack of taxpayer-funded prayer rooms. Whereas this Muslim community is recognized as having made innumerable contributions to the cultural and economic fabric and well-being of United States society  Still, the bill is purposefully vague in that it mentions prosecuting the perpetrators of  hate speech,  yet gives no definition for what it considers hate speech. Of course, we who have spoken out about the intolerant fundamentals of Islam understand that this means uttering anything critical of Islam or its followers, regardless of facts or relevance to the Quran.In conclusion, the bill ridiculously compares criticizing Islam as a violation of Muslims   civil rights,  as if disagreeing or even openly mocking someone s beliefs is unconstitutional. Our forefathers had exactly political and religious mockery in mind when they penned our amendments, having experience the violation of limited speech and worship by their own King George III.Indeed, free speech was never intended to defend inoffensive speech, because inoffensive speech needs no protection. Freedom of speech is solely for the offensive, meant to prevent those who would limit it because of their opposing beliefs. Via: RWN",politics,"Jan 1, 2016"
"IS A REVOLUTION COMING? Former Congressman Throws Down Gauntlet On Obama’s Executive Gun Grab: “It’s War, Defy His Executive Actions”","Spoken like a true American Former Congressman Joe Walsh tweeted on Thursday,  On Monday, Obama, on his own, to go after guns. It s war. Defy his executive actions. Time for Civil disobedience. Walsh, who is now a radio host on AM 560 The Answer in Chicago linked to a CNN article that announced that President Obama is expected to take new executive action on guns in order to expand background checks on firearm sales.On Monday, Obama, on his own, to go after guns. It's war. Defy his executive actions. Time for Civil disobedience. https://t.co/DasTdwv9EQ  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) December 31, 2015The Obama administration s  imminent  announcement comes ahead of the January 12th State of the Union address. Obama s executive actions would further his unilateral steps of gun control.Via: Daily Callerh/t Weasel Zippers",politics,"Jan 1, 2016"
SHAMELESS! Hillary Clinton Throws Benghazi Families Under The Bus,"Hillary Clinton s pointing the finger at the victims of the Benghazi attack the families of the four heroes who died there. She says,  not me  when asked who s lying about Benghazi. I have to say with Hillary s track record of telling some big whoppers, I d say I believe the Benghazi families. How about you?Hillary Clinton insists that if anyone is lying about the aftermath of the 2012 Benghazi terror attacks that left four Americans dead, it s  not me. More than three years after the fires inside a U.S. diplomatic compound in the Libyan port city died down, the political heat is intensifying again   with Clinton facing tough questions along her road to the White House.The Daily Sun, a newspaper in rural Conway, New Hampshire, hosted an editorial board meeting with Clinton on Wednesday. Columnist Tom McLaughlin recounted for her the claims of victims  family members who said she had told them a crude Internet video that mocked the Islamic faith was responsible for inciting the attackers who killed their loved ones.Clinton has denied making any such statement, despite the accounts of four people. One, the father of a slain CIA security contractor, took written notes of her words. Somebody is lying,  McLaughlin told her Wednesday.  Who is it? Not me, that s all I can tell you,  Clinton replied, casting blame on the families.Read more: UK Daily Mail",politics,"Jan 1, 2016"
No Kidding! Senator John McCain And Hillary Went Head To Head In A Drinking Contest [Video],"Who even admits to doing this? I have to say that I just don t believe it. If it is true, I have to question the sanity of both of these people. It s not even the least bit funny except for result they called a truce!Via: The HillDemocratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton says she once went head-to-head with Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) in a drinking contest. I haven t been in many [drinking contests], but the most famous one, I suppose is the one I engaged in with Sen. John McCain when he and I were on a congressional delegation and he kind of challenged me,  Clinton said in a video posted on her Facebook page Thursday. We have our political differences, but we sat there drinking vodka. Clinton said that no winner was declared   that both contestants agreed to pull out before things got out of control. We both I think agreed to withdraw in honorable fashion I think after having reached the limits that either of us should have had,  she said.// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Quick Question: Have you ever won a drinking competition?What happened when Hillary and John McCain went head-to-head in a drinking competition?Posted by Hillary Clinton on Thursday, 31 December 2015 ",politics,"Jan 1, 2016"
EVERY U.S. CITIZEN TAKEN HOSTAGE IN IRAN To Be Awarded Millions…With A Catch…Iran’s Not Paying…YOU Are!,"Just another slap in the face to US citizens. Our government arranges massive payments to hostages taken by the terrorist nation of Iran, as they walk away unscathed .A fund of over $1 billion has been created for the U.S. embassy personnel taken hostage by Iran after the 1979 Islamic Revolution, but it is the U.S. taxpayer, not Iran, who will be paying for it.The new fund, known as the  United States Victims of State Sponsors of Terrorism Fund,  was an addition to the omnibus bill put forward by Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama Dec. 28. As much as $4.4 million could go to each of the 52 Americans held by Iran, with another $600,000 going to each spouse and child of the victims. The provision authorizes $1.025 billion from the Department of the Treasury to be used to pay for the new fund. Additionally, the legislation includes a 25 percent cap on any attorney s fees, which could lead to as much as $250 million total going to lawyers of the various victims involved.The victims were taken hostage during Iran s Islamic Revolution led by former Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini. Hundreds of student protesters stormed the U.S. embassy in Tehran taking 52 U.S. personnel hostage for 444 days. Several months after the takeover, former President Jimmy Carter authorized Operation Eagle Claw, a rescue attempt by U.S. special operations forces which would later fail. The hostages would eventually be released after a lengthy negotiation process the day of President Ronald Reagan s inauguration in January, 1981. Victims of the embassy attack have been seeking compensation for their captivity for some time, but have been prevented from taking legal action against Iran. The 1981 Algiers Accords, the agreement which secured the release of the hostages, had a provision barring the victims from suing the Iranian government.  Iran is not paying the money, but it s as close as you can get,  says Thomas Lankford, an attorney for one of the victims, speaking to The Washington Post. Lankford refers to a clause in the new law which mandates that any money collected from the BNP Paribas scandal will be used for the new fund and the various 9/11 victim funds. The U.S. levied a fine of $9 billion on the French bank in June 2014 for its evasion of sanctions against countries like Iran, Cuba and North Korea.The staggering amount of compensation being paid to the victims is remarkably higher than the $262,000 suggested by the George W. Bush administration in 2003.  Some may be surprised that a fiscally conservative Republican-controlled Congress would authorize payments of more than $250 million from the U.S. Treasury to private attorneys, even on behalf of victims of terrorism deserving compensation,  writes attorney John Bellinger in the Lawfare blog. Via: Daily Caller ",politics,"Dec 31, 2015"
"WATCH FUNNIEST MAN In American Politics Ridicule Liberals, Atheists And Anti-American Jackasses","You don t want to miss this!Here s a little info about Joe Dan Gorman and his website, Intellectual Froglegs. You can find his website by clicking HERE. My name is Joe Dan Gorman, and you can blame me for Intellectual Froglegs. I created it, I write & produce it and I host it. So, it s pretty much my fault.In case you haven t seen it yet  the  basis  of Froglegs is to be covertly educational with humor, wicked cool graphics and classic tunage.And we re not following the media narrative or chasing the  media-driven outrage of the day - but we will talk about things that matter, from the historical to the hysterical.I have no allegiance to a political party my allegience is to God, truth and freedom . Oh, and funny stuff. LOLThe best part I get to ridicule liberals, atheists and other assorted anti-American jackasses. How fun.The most flattering compliment I get is when someone asks me to  thank my staff  but as far as the writing, editing, researching and production of the show  I m it. I also do all the website work.I ll steal jokes like a democrat, LOL Now  there is nothing more important than God, so I invite you to enjoy some of the cool videos ay my God, Science & History page. Nobody quite articulates the incomprehensibly massive power of God like a physicist. God of Wonders is one of my favorites.You can help Joe Dan who runs an AD-FREE website by donating here: DONATE BUTTON Look for regular installments of Joe Dan Gorman s videos on our website. We found his videos by chance and have fallen in love with his honest and ball-crushing humor. We feel blessed to call him our buddy and hope you will find him as refreshing and hysterical as we do.ENJOY!",politics,"Dec 31, 2015"
"FBI POSTS $5,000 REWARD For Person Who Committed “Hate Crime” With Bacon? [VIDEO]","Americans were warned by Attorney General, Loretta Lynch to not offend Muslims or they would pay a heavy price. Did anyone think she, or her boss were kidding? Barack Obama offends Christian Americans on a regular basis when will the FBI place a bounty on his head? The FBI is offering a $5,000 reward for information that helps them find the person who put raw bacon on the door handles of a Las Vegas mosque.The FBI said in a statement Wednesday that agents are trying to find the man seen in a surveillance video putting the meat on the entrances of the Masjid-e-Tawheed mosque. Authorities call it a desecration of the Islamic worship center.The Quran, the holy book of Islam, prohibits Muslims from eating pork, and pigs have been used to taunt or offend Muslims.Both the FBI and Las Vegas police say they re investigating the case as a possible hate crime.Las Vegas police spokesman Larry Hadfield said the bacon was wrapped on the door knobs, and was also found on the ground and fences.Officials at the mosque couldn t immediately be reached for comment.The FBI said the incident happened about 3:15 a.m. Dec. 27. The culprit is described as a white man wearing a dark blue hat, jacket and black-framed glasses. He had black or dark brown hair with long, thin sideburns.The site west of the Las Vegas Strip wasn t damaged, and no one was hurt. The mosque was empty at the time, and the case was reported by members who came to worship later that morning.Several threatening incidents at mosques have been reported in recent weeks. A Molotov cocktail went off at an Islamic center in Tracy, California, days ago, and a severed pig s head was found outside a Philadelphia worship site earlier this month. Via: APThe vandalism, which is being called a hate crime, has left the Las Vegas Muslim community on edge, according to KSNV. ",politics,"Dec 31, 2015"
SWISS ARMY CHIEF WARNS CITIZENS About Explosive Refugee Situation: Tells Them To Arm Themselves,"Wouldn t it be great if we had someone in government who would take the import of thousands of Muslims from countries who hate us seriously?Swiss army chief Andr  Blattmann warned, in a Swiss newspaper article on Sunday, the risks of social unrest in Europe are soaring. Recalling the experience of 1939/1945, Blattman fears the increasing aggression in public discourse is an explosively hazardous situation, and advises the Swiss people to arm themselves and warns that the basis for Swiss prosperity is  being called into question. Even though Switzerland has not been involved in an armed conflict since a standoff between Catholics and Protestants in 1847, the Swiss are very serious not only about their right to own weapons but also to carry them around in public. Because of this general acceptance and even pride in gun ownership, nobody bats an eye at the sight of a civilian riding a bus, bike or motorcycle to the shooting range, with a rifle slung across the shoulder.As Deutsche Wirtschafts Nachrichten reports, speaking on the record for the first time since the November Paris terror attacks, Blattmann told the paper that despite a rise in security incidents over the past two years Switzerland s means of defence were being reduced.The situation is growing increasingly risky, Blattman begins. The threat of terror is rising, hybrid wars are being fought around the globe; the economic outlook is gloomy and the resulting migration flows of displaced persons and refugees have assumed unforeseen dimensions. Social unrest can not be ruled out , the vocabulary in public discourse will  dangerously aggressive. The mixture is increasingly unappetizing  Blattmann sees the basis of Swiss prosperity,  has long been once again called into question. He recalls the situation around the two world wars in the last century and advises Switzerland, to arm themselves.Via: Zero Hedge ",politics,"Dec 31, 2015"
WOW! Sarah Palin’s Stunning AZ Vacation Home Goes On Market [PHOTOS],"It would be great if  her former running mate, Senator John McCain would make this his retirement home like NOW! Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin has put her luxury Arizona mansion on the market for $2.5million.The six-bedroom estate, which boasts its own private heated swimming pool and spa, is located in acres of equestrian grounds in ScottsdaleThe luxury home offers six and a half bathrooms one of which includes a huge, circular tub in opulent surroundingsThe six-bedroom estate, which boasts its own private heated swimming pool and spa, lighted sports court and even a wine cellar, is located in acres of equestrian grounds in Scottsdale. Behind a private gated entrance, the 7971sq ft home showcases includes 6.5 bathrooms, a six car garage and offers stunning mountain views from virtually every room.Built in Santa Barbara/Tuscan Spanish style, the home is decorated to match with dark wood fixtures and marble style tilesThe room offers plenty of space for entertaining, whether that be family, friends or even the next political campaignBehind a private gated entrance, the brick home s porch is surrounded by cacti and vegetation to match its Arizona surroundingsThe 2008 GOP vice presidential candidate bought the property in 2011 for $1.7 million.The colorful basketball court, which can also be used for other sports such as tennis, can we used late into the night thanks to its set of floodlightsThe two-story house has six bedrooms, six-and-a-half bathrooms and plenty of indoor and outdoor space to entertain Inside the home is finished to a high standard with luxury fittings, fireplaces, chandeliers, soaring ceilings and a media theater Via: Daily Mail",politics,"Dec 30, 2015"
TRUMP Destroys NBC Anchor On Clinton/Lewinsky Scandal: It was Not ‘Alleged’… You Don’t have to Use the Word ‘Alleged’ [Video],This is great! I love how Trump destroys Savannah Guthrie on every point. ,politics,"Dec 30, 2015"
HOLLYWEIRD LIB SUSAN SARANDON Compares Muslim Refugees To Jesus’ Family,"There are two small problems with your analogy Susan  Jesus was NOT a Muslim and Joseph traveled to Bethlehem with Mary. For anyone who s not paying attention there don t appear to be many female refugees accompanying male Muslim  refugees  to Greece.Susan Sarandon spent the Christmas holiday on the Greek island of Lesbos assisting international organizations with the mounting Syrian refugee crisis   a crisis, she says, that recalls the travails of Joseph and Mary on their way to the Inn in Bethlehem.In a column for the Huffington Post and RYOT, the 69-year-old Oscar-winning actress described meeting a 16-year-old girl who had apparently given birth shortly before arriving on the island. I smile and approach her, but without a translator, our conversation is basic-friendly,  Sarandon wrote of her experience.  She takes the bundle next to her and opens it to me. Inside is a perfect, rosy, newborn. The actress continues:She is beaming, so proud. How did this young girl, just having given birth, manage that trip at sea? How did she do all that walking? Where did she give birth?Wasn t Mary just a kid too when she and Joseph took to the road? So far, there is no manger for this Syrian baby, no room at the inn.Sarandon s short column is part of a new collaborative series with the Huffington Post and the  virtual reality  network RYOT called The Crossing, which will see the actress host a series of reports  chronicling the refugee crisis as it unfolds in Greece. The actress also criticized the political discourse surrounding the refugee crisis in the United States:  It seemed like people who had the loudest voices were the most xenophobic and un-American,  she said.Sarandon isn t the only actor to have visited the Greek island to assist international aid efforts for refugees; Homeland star Mandy Patinkin recently spent time there assisting the International Rescue Committee after wrapping production on the fifth season of the hit Showtime drama. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Dec 30, 2015"
BREAKING: New CA Law Will Allow Cops To Confiscate Legally Owned Guns,"The drip drip drip of communism in the leftist state of California A new California law scheduled to take effect Friday will allow the police to seize private, legally-owned weapons for up to three weeks without charges or allowing the citizen to contest the seizure.AB1014 was passed last year in the wake of 2014 s Isla Vista shooting, where teenager Elliot Rodger went on a rampage near the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara, killing six people along with himself.Rodger s parents had reported him to the police prior to the shooting, concerned about his mental health and rants he posted online. But after meeting with Rodger, police decided he wasn t a criminal risk, and consequently didn t search his apartment, where he was stockpiling weapons and ammunition.The new law is intended to stop such a situation from re-occurring. Under the law, a judge has the power to grant a restraining order telling police to seize a person s guns, based solely on accounts from family members or police that the person is poses an imminent danger to others. The restraining order can be granted without the affected person knowing it exists or being allowed time to contest it.Under the law, the factors a judge can consider in granting the restraining order include not only threats of violence, but also prior felony arrests (even without a conviction), evidence of alcohol abuse, and even the simple act of recently purchasing a gun or ammunition.Once granted, police can use the restraining order to confiscate all of a person s guns and ammunition, and the person is also barred from buying or possessing guns and ammo for the duration of the order. A full court hearing must then be heard within three weeks. At that hearing, a judge will be able to extend the restraining order for an entire year. The law gives us a vehicle to cause the person to surrender their weapons, to have a time out, if you will,  Los Angeles Police Department Assistant Chief Michael Moore told Southern California Public Radio.  It allows further examination of the person s mental state. The law expands on California gun laws that are already some of the country s toughest. Police already have the power to seize a person s guns if a licensed therapist informs them that the person s mental state makes them a danger to themselves or others. Via: Daily Caller ",politics,"Dec 29, 2015"
OBAMA PROMISED No Vacations If Elected So Check Out Your Tab For This Big Lie [Video],"During Obama s campaigning in 2008, he spoke of his total devotion to the job as president if elected. One of the things he said he would give up is vacations. Well, we now know that was one of many, many big lies Obama s told since day one of his presidency. Not only has Obama vacationed, he s vacationed in lavish style racking up HUGE tabs compliments of the American taxpayer. Just listen to the video below from 2008 and know that he s lying through his teeth:When he was a candidate for president in 2008, Barack Obama said during an interview that as the occupant of the Oval Office his vacations, his leisure, even his need for sleep, would be gone in a dedication to the American people that such a position requires.Then he had American taxpayers spend in excess of $70 million on his   vacations.The comment he made came during an interview with New York Times columnist Bob Herbert. It was recorded in 2008 but apparently not published online until 2012.In context, Obama said,  You have to understand that if you seek that office, you have to be prepared to give your life to it. Essentially the burden that any president, I think, strikes, with the American people is, um, you give me this office and in turn my, fears, doubts, insecurities, foibles, need for sleep, family life, vacations, leisure is gone. I am giving myself to you. He continued,  The American people should have no patience for whatever is going through your head because you ve got a job to do. How I think about it is, um, that you don t make that decision unless you are prepared to make that sacrifice   that bargain. And he noted,  I think what s difficult and important for somebody like myself, who has a wonderful forbearing wife, and two gorgeous young children, is that they end up having to make some of those sacrifices, too.  However, the partial expenses for taxpayers even before the Obama family s extended and lavish vacation in Hawaii over the 2015 Christmas holiday, and the vacations for Vice President Joe Biden and his family, totaled $70,563,336.75, according the Washington watchdog Judicial Watch, which has been keeping tabs on the president s vacationing.Total costs are simply not available because some security-related expenses never are released. But a significant part of the costs are the taxpayer-funded jet travel for the Obama family.Only a few weeks ago, Judicial Watch said,  You may want to sit down for this one. We have new records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force revealing that Barack Obama and family had a busy 2015, vacationing on the American taxpayers  dime. The unnecessary travel included an Obama Palm Springs golf trip in June, a trip to New York City in July and a family trip to Martha s Vineyard in August   all of which cost taxpayers $3,115,688.70 in travel expenses alone. The documents regarding the Obama travel expenses came in response to three Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, the first was filed on June 30, 2015, the second on July 23, 2015, and the third on August 24, 2015. The report said the June 20 golf outing for Obama to Palm Springs required 10.6 hours of flying time, costing taxpayers $2.1 million. Then a July 18 outing for Obama and his daughters to New York cost $309,000. And the Obama family s August trip to Martha s Vineyard cost taxpayers about $620,000 in flight time alone.Separate security costs include the salaries and expenses of the various Secret Service and other teams that the government provides. For example, during his annual Hawaii getaway over Christmas going on now, an ambulance remains on stand-by while Obama vacations.Reported Judicial Watch,  In Palm Springs, Obama played golf at the plush, private golf course of Oracle billionaire Lawrence Joseph  Larry  Ellison. The golf course is located on Ellison s 249-acre Porcupine Creek estate, which features a golf club and course, a huge 18,400 square-foot main residence, eight guest houses, a pool, spa, gym and an amphitheater. It was Obama s fifth golf outing to Palm Springs in the past two years. The West Coast trip reportedly included political fundraising and one speech to the U.S. Conference of Mayors. The New York trip was to allow Obama some time  hanging out with his girls,  according to an ABC report.Read more: wnd ",politics,"Dec 29, 2015"
SYRIAN DROPS TRUTH BOMB: Germany Asked “Refugees” [On Internet] To Come…”None of us had to flee…we didn’t want to go to the army…easier to get a good job and earn money in Europe”,"This is what happens when you have government leaders who represent their own self interests, putting job opportunities and national security for its citizens dead last. Sound familiar?A well-known Iranian born writer, Ramin Peymani explains in a Huffington Post- Germany article,  Der Syrer   eine Fl chtlingsgeschichte  ( The Syrians, A Refugee Story ), that, while living in Germany, he met up with the Syrian refugee in the checkout line at a local grocery store.Being Iranian, Peymani could speak fluently with the  refugee,  who freely admitted that he, and all the others claiming to be refugees, were not fleeing war, but had merely come in search of jobs and money.The Syrian told Peymani that his mother lived in America, that that his sister was still in Syria. Did you escape with your mother? Why your sister has not come?  Peymani asked. No, I did not flee. None of us had to flee,  the Syrian freely admitted. The Assad regime is cruel and unjust, but you can live in Syria, if you just don t mess with it. Peymani then asked if the Syrian had then fled from the Islamic State terrorists. The Syrian s answer in this regard was revealing as well: I come from Damascus, like most of us [refugees] do that I ve met in the camp. There is no IS [in Damascus]; it is in other regions, for example, towards Iraq. Peymani then asked him the logical next question:  Are you saying that most Syrians do not flee from war and persecution? The Syrian answered:  Yes. My friends and I went because we didn t want to go to the army. And because it is easier to get a good job and earn money in Europe. Peymani then wanted to know why so many Syrians had come so suddenly.  Why now are so many coming? Is it because the Assad regime has become worse? The Syrian replied:  No. He [Assad] has been in power many years already. The regime is cruel and can kill opponents, but my family and I have not been touched, and none of my friends either. So why had they all now come to Europe, Peymani asked, to which the Syrian replied: In the summer we saw on the Internet that Germany wanted people to live there. We were invited to come here. And it was said that the state would take care of us and we would be given jobs. But I cannot find one Peymani also asked him what route he had followed to Germany. I lived in Turkey for some time after my mother had emigrated to the United States to be with relatives. But I could not get a visa for the USA, even though my mother has a green card. Peymani asked him if he had  fled  to Turkey  because of the war in Syria? Laughing, the Syrian replied:  No (laughs). My friends and I are here because we thought we d find work. We did not like Turkey. He was then asked if his  story is typical of the people who leave Syria? The Syrian replied:  I think most go for the same reason as I did. All men of my age, who want to just live better elsewhere. ",politics,"Dec 29, 2015"
THE 2016 Calendar That Won’t Be Hanging In ISIS Caves Or Obama’s Oval Office,"Vladimir Putin the anti-Obama Fans of the maverick Russian president can now gaze upon him every day for the bargain price of just 78 Roubles (72p) by buying his bizarre and wonderful 2016 calendar.The momentous tribute to the iron-fisted leader features him in a typically outlandish range of poses, from fishing topless to cuddling a fluffy puppy.Each page portrays the legendary president s tough and sensitive sides, with him boasting about the prowess of the Russian military one month and professing his love of dogs the next.And it seems that Russians simply cannot get enough of their leader with the glossy calendar selling out in Moscow.But it is unlikely to adorn the walls of many Islamic State (ISIS) hideouts, with the hard man supremo s bombing blitz in Syria contributing to the terrorist group s accelerating collapse.Mr Putin seemingly alludes to the current military operations against ISIS, with some critics saying he has outflanked and out-thought Western leaders.The October entry features the stern Russian president wearing a military cap and striped shirt alongside a slogan proclaiming his country s military might.It states:  No one will succeed in gaining military superiority over Russia. Our army is contemporary, capable, and as they now say, polite, but formidable. Via: Express UK",politics,"Dec 28, 2015"
"NOT KIDDING: Call A Transexual “He” If He Wants To Be Called “She” In Communist NYC…Pay Staggering $250,000 Fine","The LGBT mafia has never been more threatening or powerful Did you call a transsexual person  he  or  she  when they preferred to be called  zhe?  According to a newly updated anti-discrimination law in New York City, you could be fined an eye-watering $250,000.In the latest, astonishing act of draconian political correctness, the NYC Commission on Human Rights have updated a law on  Discrimination on the Basis of Gender Identity or Expression  to threaten staggering financial penalties against property owners who  misgender  employees or tenants.Incidents that are deemed  wilful and malicious  will see property owners face up to $250,000 in fines, while standard violations of the law will result in a $125,000 fine. For small business owners, these sums are crippling.It s not as simple as referring to transmen  he  or transwomen as  she,  either. The legislation makes it clear that if an individual desires, property owners will have to make use of  zhe,   hir  and any other preferred pronoun. From the updated legislation:The NYCHRL requires employers and covered entities to use an individual s preferred name, pronoun and title (e.g., Ms./Mrs.) regardless of the individual s sex assigned at birth, anatomy, gender, medical history, appearance, or the sex indicated on the individual s identification. Most individuals and many transgender people use female or male pronouns and titles.Some transgender and gender non-conforming people prefer to use pronouns other than he/him/his or she/her/hers, such as they/them/theirs or ze/hirOther violations of the law include refusing to allow individuals to use single-sex facilities such as bathrooms that are  consistent with their gender identity,  failing to provide employee health benefits for  gender-affirming care  and  imposing different uniforms or grooming standards based on sex or gender. Examples of such illegal behaviour include:  requiring female bartenders to wear makeup,   Permitting only individuals who identify as women to wear jewellery or requiring only individuals who identify as male to have short hair,  and  permitting female but not male residents at a drug treatment facility to wear wigs and high heels. In other words, if a bar owner prevents male bartenders from wearing lipstick and heels, they ll be breaking the law. They ve now got a choice between potentially scaring off customers, and paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines. Regardless of the establishment s client le or aesthetic, every property owner will be forced to conform to the same standard.This is the latest in what Spiked Online editor-in-chief Brendan O Neill calls  The Crisis of Character  in the west, in which identities become grounded in subjective interpretation rather than objective reality. The state is now forcing society to recognise the subjective identities of individuals, regardless of how absurd or surreal they may seem. In New York City, recognising someone s identity is no longer a matter of case-by-case common sense and courtesy. It s zir way or the highway.",politics,"Dec 28, 2015"
THIS IS HUGE! Here’s Proof George Soros Fears Trump’s Presidency And will Do ANYTHING To Bring Him Down,"The evil George Soros wrote a rare op-ed for The Guardian. You see, someone has finally challenged the dark underbelly of the radical far left and that man is Donald Trump. Just knowing that Soros feels it necessary to comment (since he rarely comments) on Trump tells me the left is considering Trump a major threat.The op-ed by Soros is below   please note the deflection:It appears The Establishment has decided to bring in the big guns to dislodge The GOP s nightmare scenario as Donald Trump goes from strength to strength in the polls. Writing in an op-ed for The Guardian, billionaire puppet-master George Soros urges Americans  to resist the siren song of the likes of Donald Trump,  adding that  the terrorists and demagogues want us to be scared. We mustn t give in. Authored by George Soros, originally posted at The Guardian,It s not easy to resist the threats and the hysteria that surround us, but we must do, as fear is the greatest danger to open societyOpen societies are always endangered. This is especially true of America and Europe today, as a result of the terrorist attacks in Paris and elsewhere, and the way that America and Europe, particularly France, have reacted to them. Jihadi terrorist groups such as Islamic State and al-Qaida have discovered the achilles heel of our western societies: the fear of death. Through horrific attacks and macabre videos, the publicists of Isis magnify this fear, leading otherwise sensible people in hitherto open societies to abandon their reason.Scientists have discovered that emotion is an essential component of human reasoning. That discovery explains why jihadi terrorism poses such a potent threat to our societies: the fear of death leads us and our leaders to think   and then behave   irrationally.Science merely confirms what experience has long shown: when we are afraid for our lives, emotions take hold of our thoughts and actions, and we find it difficult to make rational judgments. Fear activates an older, more primitive part of the brain than that which formulates and sustains the abstract values and principles of open society.The open society is thus always at risk from the threat posed by our response to fear. A generation that has inherited an open society from its parents will not understand what is required to maintain it until it has been tested and learns to keep fear from corrupting reason. Jihadi terrorism is only the latest example. The fear of nuclear war tested the last generation, and the fear of communism and fascism tested my generation.The jihadi terrorists  ultimate goal is to convince Muslim youth worldwide that there is no alternative to terrorism. And terrorist attacks are the way to achieve that goal, because the fear of death will awaken and magnify the latent anti-Muslim sentiments in Europe and America, inducing the non-Muslim population to treat all Muslims as potential attackers.And that is exactly what is happening. The hysterical anti-Muslim reaction to terrorism is generating fear and resentment among Muslims living in Europe and America. The older generation reacts with fear, the younger one with resentment; the result is a breeding ground for potential terrorists. This is a mutually reinforcing, reflexive process.How can it be stopped and reversed? Abandoning the values and principles underlying open societies and giving in to an anti-Muslim impulse dictated by fear certainly is not the answer, though it may be difficult to resist the temptation. I experienced this personally when I watched the last Republican presidential debate; I could stop myself only by remembering that it must be irrational to follow the wishes of your enemies.To remove the danger posed by jihadi terrorism, abstract arguments are not enough; we need a strategy for defeating it. The challenge is underscored by the fact that the jihadi phenomenon has been with us for more than a generation. Indeed, gaining a proper understanding of it may be impossible. But the attempt must be made.Consider the Syrian conflict, which is the root cause of the migration problem that is posing an existential threat to the European Union as we know it. If it was resolved, the world would be in better shape. It is important to recognise that Isis is operating from a position of weakness. While it is spreading fear in the world, its hold on its home ground is weakening. The United Nations security council has unanimously adopted a resolution against it, and the leaders of Isis are aware that their days in Iraq and Syria are numbered.Of course, the outlook for Syria remains highly uncertain, and the conflict there cannot be understood or tackled in isolation. But one idea shines through crystal clear: it is an egregious mistake to do what the terrorists want us to do. That is why, as 2016 gets underway, we must reaffirm our commitment to the principles of open society and resist the siren song of the likes of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, however hard that may be.Via: Zero Hedge",politics,"Dec 28, 2015"
BOOM! It’s Payback Time For Gun-Grabbing Gov: GOP Works To Strip Him Of Armed Protection Detail,"Do you think our Gun Grabber In Chief should be next?Virginia state senator Bill Carrico (R-Dist. 40) is responding to Governor Terry McAuliffe s (D) relentless gun control push by introducing a budget amendment to remove funding for McAuliffe s protection detail.Carrico said,  If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. McAuliffe has pushed numerous gun controls as governor and, in August, infamously pushed for expanding background checks after Virginia reporter Alison Parker had been shot on air. McAuliffe made the push for expanded background checks before the gunman who killed Parker had been caught and, therefore, before he had any knowledge of how the gunman acquired his gun. As it turned out, gunman Vester Lee Flanagan acquired his gun via a background check.Moreover, on October 15, McAuliffe issued an executive order banning the open carry of firearms in state buildings used by the Virginia executive branch and calling for enforcement to ensure that the only people  in the business  of selling guns in Virginia are those with a Federal Firearm License (FFL).Senator Carrico is responding to these things and more by trying to be sure McAuliffe does not have to be around guns at all if they bother him so much. According to the Bristol Herald Courier, Carrico said he will address this matter when the General Assembly convenes in January, saying:A lot of the governor s power is deferred to the General Assembly at that point and I ll be getting with my colleagues to circumvent everything this governor has done on this point. I have a budget amendment that I m looking at to take away his executive protection unit. If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Dec 28, 2015"
"PRIORITIES: #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Protest Cops In Gun-Free Chicago, While Ignoring 6 Murders, 21People Shot Over Christmas Weekend","The December tally in Chicago (so far) is: December to Date Shot & Killed: 29 Shot & Wounded: 189 Total Shot: 218 Total Homicides: 31Six men were killed and at least 21 other people have been wounded in shootings across Chicago over the holiday weekend. The latest homicide happened early Sunday in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side.About 2:15 a.m., 29-year-old Tyree White was outside with a 28-year-old woman near West 59th Street and South Wentworth Avenue, when someone walked up and opened fire, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner s office. White, of the 200 block of East 121st Place, was shot in the chest and was pronounced dead at the scene less than 30 minutes later, authorities said.A pregnant mother of three was killed by a hit-and-run driver, though the baby survived the tragedy.Karla Y. Leanos had been crossing the street in North Lawndale in the 4200 block of West Ogden around 10 p.m. when she was hit by a 2008 Chrysler traveling westbound at a high rate of speed, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner s office. The vehicle did not initially stop, police said. A woman was shot in the back and taken to Stroger, where her condition was stabilized, police said.Saturday night, a 36-year-old man was fatally shot in the Little Village neighborhood on the Southwest Side, police said.The 36-year-old was sitting outside with other people in the 2800 block of West 21st Place about 9:50 p.m. when a white SUV pulled up and a passenger displayed gang signs and then fired shots, police said.Black lives matter .just not the ones who are killed by other blacks in their own neighborhoods.The man was shot in the chest and mouth and was taken by a friend to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he later died, police said. The medical examiner s office could not immediately confirm the fatality.Less than three hours earlier, a 28-year-old man was found shot to death in the West Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side.He was found about 7:20 p.m. in the 600 block of South Tripp Avenue with gunshot wounds to the chest and stomach, according to police and the medical examiner s office. He was pronounced dead at the scene. His name was being withheld Sunday morning pending notification of his family.Another man was killed Christmas Day in Englewood. Officers responding to a call of shots fired at 11:36 a.m. Friday in the 700 block of West 71st Street found 20-year-old Angelo Frazier with multiple gunshot wounds to the thigh, authorities said.Frazier was taken to Stroger Hospital, where he was pronounced dead less than an hour later, authorities said. He lived in the 600 block of Sullivan Lane in University Park. About three hours earlier, a 22-year-old man was shot to death outside his West Side Austin neighborhood home.Kylan D. Collier was discovered unresponsive with a gunshot wound to the head about 8:30 a.m. on the stairs of the back porch of his home in the 5500 block of West Monroe, authorities said. He was dead at the scene. The weekend s first fatal shooting happened about 4:50 p.m. Thursday in the Park Manor neighborhood on the South Side.A witness told police that 30-year-old Craig Harris went outside and four males were waiting for him in a gangway in the 7300 block of South Vernon, authorities said. Police said the witness heard gunshots then ran inside to call police.Harris, who lived on the same block as the shooting, was shot in the temple and pronounced dead at the scene, authorities said. The latest nonfatal attack happened early Sunday in the South Side Chicago Lawn neighborhood.A 55-year-old woman went to answer her door in the 6700 block of South Oakley Avenue about 5:30 a.m. when she was shot in the shoulder and abdomen, police said. Two males were seen fleeing the scene. The woman was taken Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in serious condition, police said. Less than 90 minutes earlier, a man was shot and critically wounded in Englewood. Officers responding to a call of shots fired about 4:15 a.m. found a 25-year-old man in the driver s seat of a vehicle in the 6000 block of South Laflin, police said. He had suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the body and was taken in critical condition to Stroger Hospital.At 2:27 a.m., two people were shot near the Aragon Ballroom in the Uptown neighborhood on the North Side. A 68-year-old man was standing outside in the 1100 block of West Lawrence when he heard gunfire and realized he d been shot in the leg, police said. A 34-year-old woman sitting in her vehicle nearby also heard the shots and then suffered a graze wound to the forehead. They were both taken to Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center, where they were listed in good condition. Police said an unoccupied SUV that had crashed into a building was discovered in the area of the shooting, but it was not immediately clear how the vehicle was connected to the investigation. About 6:15 p.m. Saturday in Austin, a 16-year-old boy was standing outside in the 5200 block of West Adams when two males came out from the alley and shot him in the left leg, police said. He was taken to West Suburban Hospital in Oak Park, where he is listed in good condition.Less than two hours earlier, a man was shot in the Oakland neighborhood on the South Side. The 18-year-old man was shot in the abdomen about 4:30 p.m. in the 3800 block of South Ellis during an attempted robbery, police said. He was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where his condition was stabilized. At least 14 other people have been wounded in other shootings since 12:15 p.m. Thursday.Additionally, three people were shot Saturday by Chicago Police. A man and a woman were fatally shot in the West Garfield Park neighborhood just before 5 a.m. and a man was critically wounded in a separate police-involved shooting that afternoon in Washington Heights. Via: NBC Chicago ",politics,"Dec 27, 2015"
OOPS! Here’s Proof The Left Used “Schlonged” When Referring To One Of Their Own In 2011 [VIDEO],"I m sure it just slipped the feeble minds of the leftist media If it weren t for double standards, the left would have no standards at all.Take, for example, the current liberal outrage over Schlonggate: Donald Trump s use of the Yiddish word  schlong  to characterize Hillary Clinton s eventual loss to Barack Obama in her 2008 bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.Among the accusations hurled at Trump was that the use of this pejorative for  penis  was misogynistic. One critic with a vivid imagination even posited that it was a racial slur aimed at Obama.But it turns out that the taxpayer-funded NPR allowed that very term to be used four years ago in reference to another female politician, Geraldine Ferraro, to recall an almost identical political defeat.  Talk of the Nation  host Neal Conan used  schlonged,  moreover, in the same breath in which he mentioned Ferraro s untimely death, as noted by PJ Media s Michael Walsh.Here is the transcript.Sad news to report from this past weekend. Geraldine Ferraro died of blood cancer at the age of 75, the three-term congresswoman from Queens, the first woman to run for vice president of the United States in 1984, the first woman on a major party ticket to do so . And Chris Cillizza, that ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls, but that s a historic moment. [Emphasis added]Here s the Reverend Manning s hysterical take on Trump s use of the word  schlonged ",politics,"Dec 27, 2015"
UNIV Of WI Chancellor Contacts Police After Noticing Confederate Flag Displayed On Worker’s Truck On Campus,"Is anyone else concerned that the Left was able to turn the display of a Confederate flag by an American into a criminal offense almost overnight? When a contractor s truck at the University of Wisconsin   LaCrosse sported a Confederate flag across its grille in November, one official was quick to condemn the contractor, call for the flag s removal, and   it turns out   even asked for an informal police investigation into the matter. E-mails obtained by the LaCrosse Tea Party show Paula Knudson, Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs at the school, went farther than previously known in her efforts to get the flag removed and the contractor punished.LaCrosse confederate flagUpon learning of the flag s presence on campus, Knudson e-mailed Doug Pearson, the head of Facilities Planning and Management for the school, to ask that the contractor be told the flag needed to go. The contractor quickly and willingly complied and Knudson went on to e-mail the entire UWL campus   students and faculty   to express her regret over the incident and say that she was  personally. . . offended and. . . very sorry for the fear and angst caused by its presence.  [Emphasis added]At the same time, e-mails reveal, Knudson e-mailed pictures of the truck to interim UW-LaCrosse Police Chief Scott McCullough with the subject line  License please?  After reading Knudson s campus-wide missive, McCullough responded to say he read her e-mail to mean that there was no longer any need for police action since the flag had been removed.McCullough also went on to reference another incident with yet another truck that displayed the Confederate flag and urged Knudson to remember that the police cannot run license plate numbers without a valid excuse to investigate the vehicle.  I would like to take a second and make clear that like the last truck with this emblem, I would need to be conducting a police investigation into some violation (I believe it was harassment last time) before I can run this plate,  he wrote. It could be literally only seconds talking with a complainant but it is an important protection to all of us that even the police cannot simply run records checks for no reason,  he went on to say.  Please don t take this as any hesitation on our part to help just that we have very specific rules that we (the police) need to follow. At least two students who were offended by the flag took action on their own and approached the construction site to express their indignation according to an e-mail from facilities chief Pearson.  The job site superintendent was concerned about two students who walked into the job site and confronted the trucker,  Pearson wrote in an e-mail to Knudson that included UWL Chancellor Joe Gow.  The superintendent indicated they [the students] were rude and were baiting the trucker to say something. I can help resolve these issues, but staff and students should not be walking into a job site without proper personal protective equipment. The following day, Chancellor Gow e-mailed Knudson to chide her for how she handled the situation. He urged her to point out  the trucker kindly complied  with the school s request that the flag be removed.  We need to refute the notion that we have somehow  banned  display of the confederate flag, because we don t have the legal authority to do so. And we wouldn t want to stifle free expression no matter how uncomfortable it might make us feel [emphasis added],  Gow concluded.In public statements made after Media Trackers first broke the news of the incident and published a picture of the truck, Gow said the Confederate flag  clearly is a racist symbol,  but acknowledged that UWL would have allowed the trucker to continue to display it had he refused to remove it. Via: EAG News",politics,"Dec 27, 2015"
THE TIME THAT TRUMP LITERALLY “Saved The Farm”…A Story The Media Will Never Tell [VIDEO],"A beautiful story of generosity and kindness the media would never share with American voters One narrative emerging around the surprisingly resilient Donald Trump portrays the brash billionaire as a final card laid down by Republican blue-collar voters who see their way of life   and their political clout   draining away in a bathtub spiral.Trump has been a man of last resort before. Right here in Georgia, in fact. And if his Republican presidential machine doesn t seize upon the tale in the next few weeks, as he and U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas battle for Southern votes, then someone in the Trump campaign will be guilty of gross incompetence.It happened in 1986, in the midst of the worst farm crisis since the Great Depression. In Burke County, on Georgia s eastern border, farm after farm was folding.On Feb. 4, Lenard Dozier Hill III, a third-generation occupant of his cotton-and-soybean acreage, was about to have his land sold out from under him.  That morning, it was going to be auctioned off at the courthouse steps, so he committed suicide,  said Betsy Sharp, his daughter.In the bedroom of the Hill home, along with the .22-caliber rifle that did the work, was a neat stack of life insurance policies and other papers on the nightstand. Hill had intended for the life insurance payout to cover most of his $300,000 debt and so save the family farm for another generation.It was a grievous miscalculation. Most, if not all, life insurance policies include a clause that prohibits payment in cases of suicide.  He didn t realize all that,  Sharp said.Hill s desperate act struck a chord. Reporters and TV crews descended on the Waynesboro church where the funeral was held. Vandals painted  farmer killer  on the door of the local bank.Once the family realized the financial futility of Hill s suicide, the burden of saving the farm fell on his widow, Annabel Hill, a 66-year-old teacher and social worker with gray hair and large glasses.The widow was already familiar with Frank Argenbright, a wealthy and white Atlanta businessman who had made a name for himself by organizing the successful effort to save the farm of a black farmer in Cochran named Oscar Lorick.(Argenbright initially tried to do this anonymously, as a masked benefactor who called himself  A.N. American.  But he was the head of a growing security firm, and his cop friends recognized his voice.)Argenbright arranged a press conference for Annabel Hill in Atlanta.  It went national,  he said. Today, in the age of the Internet, we use the term  viral. Then, as now, clowns came out of the woodwork. In an interview, Argenbright said one of the first calls he received was from a Texas oilman who wanted to come to Atlanta to help.  For some reason I had to pay the ticket,  Argenbright said. First class.The  oilman  turned out to be a soused escapee from a rehab unit for alcoholics. Argenbright put him on the next flight back to Texas. In coach.Above is a video, featuring Betsy Sharp, daughter of Lenard and Annabel Hill, put together by Chad Etheridge of Growing America, a news service for farmers.***Argenbright was still at the airport when his assistant called. Someone claiming to be Donald Trump had just rang, offering to help Annabel Hill.A suspicious Argenbright called the number and demanded proof of identity from the man who answered. Herschel Walker works for me,  the voice said. The former University of Georgia running back was the star of the New Jersey Generals, a United States Football League team owned by Trump. That was good enough. Well, Mr. Trump, I apologize,  Argenbright said.Trump told the Atlanta businessman that his wife, Ivana, had seen the report on the Hill family s plight on the network news, and she suggested that he get involved. The magnate summoned Argenbright and the Hills to New York. After a brief interview, Trump signed onto the cause.Accounts of what followed differ. In his book  The Art of the Deal,  Trump wrote that, in a phone call, he twisted the arm of a vice president of the Georgia bank that held the Hill mortgage. I said to the guy,  You listen to me. If you do foreclose, I ll bring a lawsuit for murder against you and your bank, on the grounds that you harassed Mrs. Hill s husband to his death.  All of a sudden, the banker sounded very nervous and said he d get right back to me. Sometimes it pays to be a little wild,  Trump wrote.Problem solved.Argenbright, a Trump admirer who would go on to provide security at many of the billionaire s properties, describes a Trump who was far less sure of himself   and of the public reaction that would follow. And quieter, too.  It wasn t the Donald that you see now,  Argenbright said.  He wasn t sure that people would respond to him. He didn t want to be embarrassed. Trump provided $20,000 to stave off foreclosure of the Hill farm, but his name was initially kept out of the picture. During a press conference on the courthouse steps in Waynesboro announcing the delay, Argenbright said he spoke only of support from  a New York developer. But Trump s identity was easily and quickly guessed. The billionaire and the Georgia farm wife made the rounds of the morning TV shows. Viewers were asked to send their dollars to the  Annabel Hill Fund, Trump Towers, New York, 10022. Money poured in, but Trump and a Texas oilman   a real one, this time   provided the last $78,000. A  mortgage-burning  ceremony was scheduled for two days before Christmas. The Hill family was again flown to New York, at Trump s expense. I had just graduated from high school. He flew us to New York, and we went to Trump Towers and had breakfast with him,  said Betsy Sharp, who is now 49 and lives in Augusta. We saw a whole different side of him that was kindhearted, to reach out to us, to help us,  the daughter said.  Most people don t know and see that side. All they see is just the  blurt  that people put on the TV. They don t see the other side of him, and that s what my family got to experience. Argenbright feels likewise.  He couldn t have been nicer. He took care of them and stayed in touch with them after that,  Argenbright said.  He had no ulterior motive. But Argenbright said that, in advance of that mortgage-burning ceremony in 1986, he did catch a glimpse of the media-savvy presidential candidate that we are watching now.Trump ordered the waterfalls in his towers turned off, to make it easier for the TV sound technicians. He made sure that at least three tested cigarette lighters were on hand to spark the fire. The mortgage papers were fake, but Trump ordered an assistant to light one up to make sure they would burn quickly and dramatically, said Argenbright, who supplied an engraved tray from Tiffany s for the ashes. Just to watch how detailed he was in understanding the perception of the moment and how significant it was   it was a special time,  Argenbright said.  He was an honorable guy who wanted to do the right thing. If it wasn t for him, that farm wouldn t have been saved. The Annabel Hill episode was just a small piece of the farm crisis. In the two months that followed, 85 other farms in Burke County alone were scheduled for foreclosure. Other celebrities attempted rescues as well   Willie Nelson s series of Farm Aid concerts had begun the year before.But this was the moment that Donald Trump, who had already put his name on the New York City skyline, introduced himself to rural America. Via: AJC",politics,"Dec 27, 2015"
"IS OBAMA’S RADICAL AGENDA Responsible For State Department’s Misleading Report On Forced Labor, Prostitution And Human Slavery?","President Barack Obama has called the fight against human trafficking  one of the great human rights causes of our time  and has pledged the United States  will continue to lead it. If Obama really believed that human trafficking was such an important cause, then why would his State Department be working so hard to hide the truth about these horrific human rights violators? In the weeks leading up to a critical annual U.S. report on human trafficking that publicly shames the world s worst offenders, human rights experts at the State Department concluded that trafficking conditions hadn t improved in Malaysia and Cuba. And in China, they found, things had grown worse.The State Department s senior political staff saw it differently   and they prevailed.A Reuters examination, based on interviews with more than a dozen sources in Washington and foreign capitals, shows that the government office set up to independently grade global efforts to fight human trafficking was repeatedly overruled by senior American diplomats and pressured into inflating assessments of 14 strategically important countries in this year s Trafficking in Persons report.In all, analysts in the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons   or J/TIP, as it s known within the U.S. government   disagreed with U.S. diplomatic bureaus on ratings for 17 countries, the sources said.The analysts, who are specialists in assessing efforts to combat modern slavery   such as the illegal trade in humans for forced labor or prostitution   won only three of those disputes, the worst ratio in the 15-year history of the unit, according to the sources.As a result, not only Malaysia, Cuba and China, but countries such as India, Uzbekistan and Mexico, wound up with better grades than the State Department s human-rights experts wanted to give them, the sources said. (Graphic looking at some of the key decisions here: reut.rs/1gF2Wz5)Of the three disputes J/TIP won, the most prominent was Thailand, which has faced scrutiny over forced labor at sea and the trafficking of Rohingya Muslims through its southern jungles. Diplomats had sought to upgrade it to so-called  Tier 2 Watch List  status. It remains on  Tier 3    the rating for countries with the worst human-trafficking records.The number of rejected recommendations suggests a degree of intervention not previously known by diplomats in a report that can lead to sanctions and is the basis for many countries  anti-trafficking policies. This year, local embassies and other constituencies within the department were able to block some of the toughest grades.State Department officials say the ratings are not politicized.  As is always the case, final decisions are reached only after rigorous analysis and discussion between the TIP office, relevant regional bureaus and senior State Department leaders,  State Department spokesman John Kirby said in response to queries by Reuters.Still, by the time the report was released on July 27, Malaysia and Cuba were both removed from the  Tier 3  blacklist, even though the State Department s own trafficking experts believed neither had made notable improvements, according to the sources.The Malaysian upgrade, which was highly criticized by human rights groups, could smooth the way for an ambitious proposed U.S.-led free-trade deal with the Southeast Asian nation and 11 other countries.Ending Communist-ruled Cuba s 12 years on the report s blacklist came as the two nations reopened embassies on each other s soil following their historic d tente over the past eight months.And for China, the experts  recommendation to downgrade it to the worst ranking, Tier 3, was overruled despite the report s conclusion that Beijing did not undertake increased anti-trafficking efforts.That would have put China alongside the likes of Syria and North Korea, regarded by the United Nations as among the world s worst human right abusers.Typically, J/TIP wins more than half of what officials call  disputes  with diplomatic sections of the State Department, according to people familiar with the process. Certainly we have never seen that kind of an outcome,  said one U.S. official with direct knowledge of the department.ABILITY TO EMBARRASSThe Trafficking in Persons report, which evaluated 188 countries and territories this year, calls itself the world s most comprehensive resource of governmental anti-human trafficking efforts. Rights groups mostly agree.It organizes countries into tiers based on trafficking records: Tier 1 for nations that meet minimum U.S. standards; Tier 2 for those making significant efforts to meet those standards; Tier 2  Watch List  for those that deserve special scrutiny; and Tier 3 for countries that fail to comply with the minimum U.S. standards and are not making significant efforts.While a Tier 3 ranking can trigger sanctions limiting access to aid from the United States, the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank, such action is frequently waived.The real power is its ability to embarrass countries into action. Many countries aggressively lobby U.S. embassies to try to avoid sliding into the Tier 3 category. Four straight years on the Tier 2 Watch List triggers an automatic downgrade to Tier 3 unless a country earns a waiver or an upgrade.The leverage has brought some success, including pressuring Switzerland to close loopholes that allowed the prostitution of minors and prompting the Dominican Republic to convict more child trafficking offenders.President Barack Obama has called the fight against human trafficking  one of the great human rights causes of our time  and has pledged the United States  will continue to lead it. But the office set up in 2001 by a congressional mandate to spearhead that effort is increasingly struggling to publish independent assessments of the most diplomatically important countries, the sources said.The rejection of so many recommendations could strengthen calls by some lawmakers to investigate how the report is compiled. After Reuters on July 8 reported on the plans to upgrade Malaysia, 160 members of the U.S. House and 18 U.S. senators wrote to Secretary of State John Kerry urging him to keep Malaysia in Tier 3, based on its trafficking record. They questioned whether the upgrade was politically motivated.Senator Robert Menendez, a Democrat, has threatened to call for a Senate hearing and an inspector general to investigate if top State Department officials removed Malaysia from the lowest tier for political reasons.The final decision on disputed rankings this year was made in meetings attended by some of the State Department s most powerful diplomats, including Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman and Kerry s Chief of Staff, Jonathan Finer, according to the sources. NO, NO, NO The unprecedented degree of discord over this trafficking report began to become clear after Reuters early last month revealed plans to upgrade Malaysia from the lowest Tier 3 rank to Tier 2 Watch List.The improved ranking came in a year in which Malaysian authorities discovered dozens of suspected mass migrant graves and human rights groups reported continued forced labor in the nation s lucrative palm oil, construction and electronics industries. As recently as April, the U.S. ambassador to Malaysia, Joseph Yun, urged the country to take prosecution of human trafficking violations more seriously.U.S. officials have denied that political considerations influenced Malaysia s rankings. No, no, no,  said Sewall, when asked by reporters last Monday whether Malaysia was upgraded to facilitate trade negotiations. She said the decision was based on how Malaysia was dealing with trafficking.Representative Chris Smith, a New Jersey Republican who authored a 2000 law that led to the creation of J/TIP, said in an interview that the office s authority is being undermined by the president s agenda.  It s so politicized,  he said.If Malaysia had remained on Tier 3, it would have posed a potential barrier to Obama s proposed trade pact, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. That deal is a crucial part of his pivot to Asia policy. Congress approved legislation in June giving Obama expanded trade negotiating powers but prohibiting deals with Tier 3 countries such as, at that time, Malaysia.Congressional sources and current and former State Department officials said experts in the J/TIP office had recommended keeping Malaysia on Tier 3, highlighting a drop in human-trafficking convictions in the country to three last year from nine in 2013. They said, according to the sources, that some of Malaysia s efforts to end forced labor amounted to promises rather than action.The analysts also clashed over Cuba s record with the State Department s Western Hemisphere Affairs Bureau, whose view took precedence in the final report.Human rights groups and people with knowledge of the negotiations over the rankings said an unearned upgrade for Cuba, especially at a time of intense attention due to the historic diplomatic thaw between Washington and Havana, could undermine the integrity of the report.Cuba had been on the  border line  for an upgrade in recent years, a former State Department official said. And although Cuba ended up with an upgrade, the final report remained highly critical, citing concerns about Cuba s failure to deal with a degree of alleged forced labor in medical missions that Havana sends to developing countries.China was another source of friction. J/TIP s analysts called for downgrading China, the world s second-biggest economy, to Tier 3, criticizing Beijing for failing to follow through on a promise to abolish its  re-education through labor  system and to adequately protect trafficking victims from neighboring countries such as North Korea. The final report put China on Tier 2 Watch List.SHOWING DEFERENCEBut the candor of J/TIP can run afoul of other important diplomatic priorities, particularly in countries beset by instability or corruption where U.S. diplomats are trying to build relationships. That leads every year to sometimes contentious back-and-forth over the rankings with far-flung embassies and regional bureaus   the diplomatic centers of gravity at the State Department. There is supposed to be some deference to the expertise of the office,  said Mark Lagon, J/TIP s ambassador-at-large from 2007 to 2009 and now president of Freedom House, an advocacy group in Washington. If the office is now losing more disputes over rankings than it is winning, that would be  an unfortunate thing,  he said.Most U.S. diplomats are reluctant to openly strike back at critics inside and outside of the administration who accuse them of letting politics trump human rights, the sources said.But privately, some diplomats say that J/TIP staffers should avoid acting like  purists  and keep sight of broader U.S. interests, including maintaining open channels with authoritarian governments to push for reform and forging trade deals that could lift people out of poverty.For entire story: Reuters",politics,"Dec 26, 2015"
Will Hillary’s ‘Secret Weapon’ Be A Game Changer For The Campaign?,"So Bill Clinton wants a third term so much that he s coming out to battle Trump. Bringing Bill Clinton in to fight Hillary s battles could be a double edged sword. She might gain some momentum but it s hard to believe that Trump won t come after them with some zingers. The problem with the zingers is that they might earn Hillary some sympathy from the voters. I say that she should fight her own battles but don t you know Bill would love to be sitting in the White House a year from now  A new and more combative phase of Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign opens next month when she sends her husband out to stump for her in important early states.Waiting for him will be businessman Donald Trump, the Republican front-runner.The former president has been a low-key figure since Mrs. Clinton entered the race for the Democratic nomination in April, offering private advice and helping her raise money at closed-door fundraisers. In January, the campaign intends to showcase him in public forums in Iowa and New Hampshire, two states where the front-runner is locked in a tight race against Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.Speaking to supporters recently, Mrs. Clinton described her husband as a  secret weapon. Throwing Mr. Clinton into the mix could further escalate the rhetoric between the Trump and Clinton campaigns. In the 2008 presidential race, the former president would bristle at criticism directed at his wife and got in hot water when he suggested Barack Obama s victory in the South Carolina primary was less significant because of the large African-American vote.This past week saw back-and-forth volleys over whether comments Mr. Trump made about Mrs. Clinton were sexist. He said Mr. Obama  schlonged  her in the 2008 race and said her brief absence from a recent Democratic debate stage, when she was reportedly using the restroom, was  disgusting. In an interview with the Des Moines Register, Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump has  demonstrated a penchant for sexism.  That drew a response from Mr. Trump on Twitter:  Hillary, when you complain about  a penchant for sexism,  who are you referring to. I have great respect for women.    In capital letters he then wrote,  BE CAREFUL! Asked what Mr. Trump meant, his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, said:  Mr. Trump speaks for Mr. Trump and his tweets speak for themselves. And he s very clear about what those tweets say. Another Trump spokeswoman, Katrina Pierson, suggested in an interview with CNN that the Trump campaign intends to make Mr. Clinton s behavior an issue should Mrs. Clinton pursue this point. Mr. Clinton, during his presidency, paid $850,000 to settle a sexual harassment case brought by Paula Jones stemming from an encounter when he was governor of Arkansas. His affair with then-White House intern Monica Lewinsky led to his impeachment by the U.S. House in 1998. He was acquitted by the Senate the following year. Hillary Clinton has some nerve to talk about the war on women and the bigotry toward women when she has a serious problem in her husband,  Ms. Pierson told CNN. Representatives for Mr. Clinton and the Clinton campaign declined to comment.Mrs. Clinton holds a commanding lead among Democrats nationally, but polling shows the contests in Iowa and New Hampshire are up for grabs. Losses in both states could potentially alter the dynamics of a race she is dominating.In a conference call with supporters this past week, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said that Mrs. Clinton was in a  dog fight  in New Hampshire.Via: WSJ",politics,"Dec 25, 2015"
CHURCHES OFFER SANCTUARY To Protect Illegal Aliens Ahead Of DHS Raids,"The DHS has announced that they ll be raiding places that house illegals and deporting them. This could get ugly and it will only garner sympathy for the illegal aliens who ve broken federal law by crossing our border. Over 10,000 illegal minors came across our border in Sept/Oct which is a record for this time of year. The big question in all of this would have to be why Jeh Johnson s rules for deportation have been so lenient. Because of his leniency, word has gotten back to Central America that you can just surrender to border patrol and you re in. Now we have millions and millions of illegals who re roaming around America and we have no clue who they are. The Sanctuary Movement is taking it upon themselves to bring in and protect illegals while putting Americans in danger. Thousands of criminal illegal aliens were simply released last year. Yes, Obama let them go All Americans are in danger from this open border policy and those in the church community should go to jail for aiding this invasion of our southern border. Leaders of the church-based Sanctuary Movement vowed on Friday to offer their places of worship as refuge for immigrants facing deportation under an Obama administration crackdown on Central American families who entered the United States illegally.The statement came two days after The Washington Post first reported the U.S. government was planning a series of raids to remove hundreds of undocumented families as early as January in the first such large-scale effort targeting the recent flood of border crossers.The Department of Homeland Security preparations to intensify deportations of Central American migrants, confirmed by U.S. government sources, drew immediate fire from Democratic presidential candidates and human rights groups.Leaders of the multi-denominational Sanctuary Movement, which has sheltered at least 10 immigrants from deportation over the past 18 months, joined in the criticism on Friday, alluding to the biblical Nativity story of Mary and Joseph seeking refuge before the birth of Jesus. As pastors we know that each and every family is a holy family,  said the Rev. Alison Harrington, pastor of Southside Presbyterian Church in Tucson, Arizona.  We open our doors to today s Josephs and Marys.   The gift we have to offer on Christmas Day is the gift of sanctuary. The Sanctuary Movement, which Harrington said encompasses about 50 congregations in a dozen U.S. cities, made headlines in January by providing refuge in Philadelphia to a Honduran woman whose two children were born in the United States. She ultimately won a two-year reprieve from deportation.The Rev. Noel Anderson, a coordinator for the affiliated Church World Service, put the overall number of congregations supporting the sanctuary network at about 300 in more than 20 states nationwide.Immigrants from El Salvador, Guatemala and Nicaragua have been streaming into the United States from Mexico by the thousands since early 2014   many of them unaccompanied minors and families   fleeing extreme poverty, gangs and drug violence in their home countries.Most were detained after turning themselves in at the border seeking asylum, but were released to surrounding communities after initial screening to await further proceedings.A 2008 U.S. anti-human tracking law bars undocumented Central American children from being summarily sent back, as they could be if they were from Mexico or Canada.Government sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, have said the new campaign by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency marks an expansion from mostly targeting individuals to pursuing families with undocumented members who have already been ordered to leave.Asked why the agency was singling out families, a spokesperson said the crackdown focused on individuals who pose a threat to national security, public safety and border security,  whether alone or with family members. Support for the move came from U.S. Senate Homeland Security Committee Chairman Ron Johnson, a Wisconsin Republican, who said it would help  eliminate the incentive that results from allowing 95.6 percent of these illegal immigrants to stay. Harrington said she feared the crackdown will ensnare many who lacked sufficient time or legal representation to prepare asylum claims and  were too quickly put through the system. ",politics,"Dec 25, 2015"
PAUL RYAN: American Companies Will Close Without Foreign Labor,"Paul Ryan is just like all the other establishment politicians from both sides of the aisle who have sold the American worker down the river for cheap labor. Foreign workers have been coming in to America by the droves to take over jobs that Americans had. In some cases, the American worker is required to train the foreign worker who s taking their job. Disney has been called out on doing this to its workers who fought back against it. The Chamber of Commerce is in the pocket of the establishment and they are all for more and more immigration that will ultimately hurt the American worker. In a Tuesday morning interview with radio host Bill Bennett,Paul Ryan defended his omnibus bill s controversial expansion in the H-2B visa program, which would allow foreign workers to fill blue-collar American jobs, by arguing that if the provision were not included, American companies would be forced to shut their doors.Bennett pressed Ryan on the details of the H-2B visa expansion, slipped 700-pages into Ryan s 2,009-page omnibus spending bill asking Ryan directly,  Do you believe there are not enough Americans to fill these jobs? In response, Ryan described the H-2B visa expansion as  a very small, discrete provision. Despite the nation s high levels of unemployment and stagnating wages, Ryan continued on to assert, without offering evidence in support of his claim, that corporations are facing a shortage of labor, which rendered the provision necessary. Ryan said:The reason that this was passed is because there was some seasonal surge jobs that they can t find local workers to fill, like the seafood packaging industry in Chesapeake Bay. You have seafood season, you need people to package those things, to can them. In the North, we have the summer tourism industry. What it is is there s seasonal industries where they can t find local people to do the jobs: kids are already in college or things like that where you have a surge in workers.Ryan explained that the provision was passed specifically  to help small business who cannot find labor when there s a surge in demand for their labor like seafood processing, or tourism. Ryan warned,  The point is these businesses would have shut down without this and that s what we didn t want to see happen. We didn t want to see businesses, who are seasonal, shut down because they couldn t get the labor. That s why this provision was passed in July. The data, however, demonstrates Ryan s claim to be unsubstantiated. As Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL)80% has highlighted, the Economic Policy Institute has documented how,  wages were stagnant or declining for workers in all of the top 15 H-2B occupations between 2004 and 2014. Unemployment rates increased in all but one of the top 15 H-2B occupations between 2004 and 2014, and all 15 occupations averaged very high unemployment rates  Flat and declining wages coupled with such high unemployment rates over such a long period of time suggest a loose labor market an over-supply of workers rather than an under-supply.Cries of so-called  labor shortages  are frequently invoked by corporations and immigration expansionist who want to see large increases in low-wage labor. As immigration attorney Ian Smith has explained, Ryan s resurrection and expansion of the controversial provision in Sen. Marco Rubio s Gang of Eight bill to increase guest-worker programs will disproportionately  hurt America s most vulnerable workers  such as black workers, single women, the elderly, and first-generation immigrants.While Ryan argues that more low-wage immigrant labor is needed to fill labor shortages, National Review s Rich Lowry has previously declared,  The next time I hear a Republican strategist or a Republican politician say that there are jobs that Americans won t do, that person should be shot, he should be hanged, he should be wrapped in a carpet and thrown in the Potomac River. Ryan s push to expand immigration comes on top of the nation s existing federal policy of autopilot visa dispensations. Under current policy, every day the U.S. brings in enough new immigrants to fill an overcrowded, metropolitan high school. Every week, the United States brings in enough new immigrants to fill the Staples Center, where the Los Angeles Lakers play. Every year, we add an immigrant population the size of Dallas. And every three years, the U.S. adds another entire city of Los Angeles, made up of foreign-born immigrants.Ryan, however, seems to believe these numbers should be even bigger, even as the U.S. foreign-born population is already at an all-time high of 42.4 million.Perhaps the most unusual aspect of Ryan s using conservative talk radio platforms to make arguments for expanded immigration is that the Republican Party is now in the position of having an electorate that is almost universally opposed (92 percent according to Pew) to immigration increases, but it is led by a House Speaker who has a two-decade long history of pushing for higher rates of immigration. This means that one segment of the electorate, perhaps most in favor of immigration reductions, now has as its leader one of the politicians most associated with pushing for expanded immigration.Read more: Breitbart",politics,"Dec 25, 2015"
“Dead Broke” Clintons Hanging At 21 Club In NYC Sipping Pricey Bubbly,"Dead broke! yes, that another doozy that Hillary told about their post White House life. But  Clinton grifters are breaking into the Cristal champagne to celebrate another Clinton spawn. Oh joy! If this is dead broke then I think I d like to be dead broke too!Bill and Hillary Clinton celebrated news of their second grandchild at  21,  where spies said Bill asked the ma tre d  to unearth a bottle of bubbly the couple left there to chill in 1997.We re told the Clintons arrived at the storied restaurant with daughter Chelsea, son-in-law Marc Mezvinsky and Marc s parents on Monday   the night before Chelsea tweeted that she s expecting her second child.A regular at  21  told Page Six,  The Clintons asked [general manager] Teddy Suric to go to the wine cellar and check on a magnum of Cristal from 1997, when Chelsea was 17. They d said,  Keep it on ice for when we come back!  They were ready for the bubbly 18 years later.Via: NYP",politics,"Dec 24, 2015"
WOW! Why George W. Bush Never Left DC Until After Christmas Day,"Meanwhile, the Obama s jet off to Hawaii every year well before Christmas. When you read the reason why the Bush s wait in DC until after Christmas day, you ll see why its really all about putting others before yourself Like many Americans, U.S. presidents often take time off around the holidays.However, according to journalist Joseph Curl, who previously covered the White House, former President George W. Bush went on Christmas vacation in a way that stands in direct contrast to President Barack Obama. [H]ere s the thing: In December, we never left Washington, D.C., until the day after Christmas. Never. Mr. Bush and his wife, Laura, would always depart the White House a few days before the holiday and hunker down at Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland,  Curl wrote in a 2013 column that was republished Thursday.After a few years, curiosity finally got to the former Washington Times reporter and he asked a low-level administration official why. I still remember what she said,  Curl wrote.  So all of us can be with our families on Christmas. Who was  us ? Hundreds and hundreds of people, that s who. Sure, the reporters who covered the president, but also dozens and dozens on his staff, 100 Secret Service agents, maybe more, and all of those city cops required whenever the president s on the move in D.C.,  Curl added in his column.However, things seemingly changed when Obama took office. [T]his president would never delay his trip to his island getaway. He s off every year well before Christmas. Hundreds and hundreds head off with him, leaving family behind,  Curl wrote. No Christmas at home,  he added.  Instead, the Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort. Nice, but not exactly home.  Via: The Blaze",politics,"Dec 24, 2015"
SYRIAN MUSLIM MAN WHOSE Family Perished On Trip So He Could Get Free Dental Care Has New Spokesperson Role,"Who better than a man who risked the lives of his wife and children to get free dental care to ask taxpayers in Europe and America to open their doors to more freeloading Muslims? THE father of a little boy who drowned while fleeing Syria has pleaded with the world to  open its doors  to refugees.Three-year-old Alan Kurdi died along with his mother Rehanna and five-year-old brother Ghalib in September.They paid cruel people smugglers thousands to reach Greece by boat after fleeing their war-ravaged homeland.But pictures of his lifeless body washed up on a Turkish beach forced politicians to tackle the refugee crisis.His father Abdullah Kurdi said:  My message is I d like the whole world to open its doors to Syrians. If a person shuts a door in someone s face, this is very difficult. When a door is opened they no longer feel humiliated. He added:  At this time of year I would like to ask you all to think about the pain of fathers, mothers and children who are seeking peace and security. We ask just for a little bit of sympathy from you. Via: ExpressUK",politics,"Dec 24, 2015"
French Journalist Hit With Huge Fine For “Inciting Hate” Against Muslims…Even Though We All Know What He Said Is True,"Americans should pay close attention to this story, especially after Loretta Lynch announced the US Government will punish anyone for anti-Muslim speech.Journalist and writer  ric Zemmour has once again been fined   this time 3,000 euros   for inciting to hate Muslims. Le Parisien reports:Polemicist Eric Zemmour was sentenced on Thursday to a fine of 3,000 euros for provoking hatred towards Muslims, as a result of comments he made to the Italian daily Corriere della Sera in October 2014. In particular, he declared that the Muslims  have their civil code, it s the Koran,  that they  live among themselves in the suburbs. The French are forced to leave.  The prosecution had asked for a fine of 10,000 euros. I believe we re heading for chaos. This situation of a people in the people, of Muslims in the French people, will lead us to chaos and to civil war,  he added.  Millions of persons live here, in France, but refuse to live in the French manner. ric Zemmour was at the time promoting his book Le Suicide fran ais.Note: First, the use of the term  polemicist  to describe Zemmour is a deliberate attempt by the media to emphasize his  warlike  nature and his refusal to debate. The word evokes hostility and single-mindedness. Second, Zemmour s reference to a possible civil war preceded by fourteen months the statement by Manuel Valls, between the two rounds of the regional elections, that an FN victory would lead to civil war. No one prosecuted Valls. Third, there is an implication that Zemmour s words were intended to provoke in order to sell more books, since he was on a book tour in Italy.During the hearing in the Paris criminal court, the polemicist had maintained that he was speaking of  the Muslims in the suburbs who organize and who are planning to secede.  Prosecutor Annabelle Philippe deemed that his remarks that she regarded as  stigmatizing and without nuance , were aimed at the  totality of the Muslim community.  The court agreed stating that at no point in the interview did he reduce his comments to  just a fraction  of Muslims. The whole of Zemmour s remarks  rests on an eminently divisive assumption: that the Muslim community, in its essence and its culture, is in opposition to the French and to the French people,  said the judges. Claiming to relate an ineluctable evolution,  ric Zemmour proposes to his readers the only option capable, in his eyes, of avoiding civil war: an organized and forced departure from France of the entire Muslim community.  The court lambasted his  warlike and catastrophe-prone semantics  that denote  the conceptual passage from a probable reality to a solution at once credible and desirable. Note: So it is a crime in France to express a  credible  solution to a  probable  reality? It s a crime to even envisage a chaotic situation caused by Islamic doctrine?His lawyer Olivier Pardo, who plans to appeal, reacted:  The remarks made by  ric Zemmour before the November 13 attacks are today shared by a large part of those who voice their opinion. I cannot help but note the relentlessness to which he was subjected. The polemicist was also condemned to pay one or one thousand euros, depending on the case, in damages to the associations comprising the plaintiffs. To that will be added court costs, for a total of 13,003 euros.Note: Criminal and civil trials are combined here. While we would have a separate civil suit, in France the damages are meted out in the criminal court.The judges  decision  again has recognized that  ric Zemmour is a propagator of hatred,  deemed Sabrina Goldman, attorney for LICRA (International League against Racism and Antisemitism).  His words are all the more dangerous because he presents himself as the apostle of truth; he claims to tell the truth when in fact he only expresses hatred,  she declared. The president of SOS Racism, Dominique Sopo, expressed satisfaction that the justice system had reminded us that  freedom of expression is not freedom to spread hatred . He also said:  It makes you wonder again how he can hold such a position of authority in the media.  Via: LeParisian",politics,"Dec 23, 2015"
"MUSLIM ACTIVISTS LAUNCH VOTER REGISTRATION DRIVE, As They Know 2016 Election Will Decide America’s Future","Who would ve guessed? A coalition of U.S.-based Muslim groups claiming that anti-Muslim backlash is on the rise in the wake of the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino hopes to register one million people to vote before the 2016 election as part of a  civic empowerment initiative. Oussama Jammal, the secretary general of the U.S. Council on Muslim Organizations, also announced in a press conference held Monday at the National Press Club that the group will  seek to increase emergency preparedness for Islamic institutions and individuals to address the rising number of incidents of hate crimes that are unfortunately happening nationwide. While the press conference participants   who hailed from such groups as the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), and the Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA)   focused little attention on the recent terrorist attacks, they focused on some of the political rhetoric that has followed.To address what they perceive as public and political backlash, the groups plan the massive Muslim voter outreach as well as a  major educational outreach  which will include a  One America  program aimed at helping non-Muslims understand Islam.One speaker, ISNA vice president Atlaf Husain, urged local, state and federal politicians who  aspire to political victory  to engage Muslims.He also cautioned:  If you as a political candidate choose to spew hatred, bigotry and to vilify Muslim-Americans, you do so at your own political risk. We will use every democratic   small  d    democratic means political strategies to ensure that your candidacy never succeeds. Press conference participants were vague on how the massive Muslim voter registration effort will unfold.Responding to a reporter s question on the matter, Jammal said that the coalition will mobilize the Muslim community through early voting efforts and by busing and shuttling voters to polling stations. Via: Daily Caller",politics,"Dec 23, 2015"
COPYCAT DEMS Fundraise Off Of Trump Lookalike Hat,"Can they not find something original? The Democrats are trying to fundraise off of Donald Trump s hat copycatsThe Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) is trying to raise money for 2016 House races with its own version of Donald Trump s infamous  Make America Great Again  hat.The DCCC s hat comes in blue, and says  Make Congress Blue Again.  Unlike various outside efforts to troll Trump ( Make America Hate Again,  et cetera), the DCCC s hat seems an earnest effort to appropriate a slogan that has proven the most effective of the cycle.Democrats, who need 30 seats to win the House, are ambivalent about Trump. Some boast that Trump would be the easiest general election opponent for Hillary Clinton; he is one of the only candidates with worse approval ratings.The DCCC has let it be known that it intends to tie vulnerable House Republicans to Trump.  You can denounce his comments but that only means so much if you would still vote for him,  a DCCC official told Roll Call recently.At the same time, Democrats are quietly worried about Trump s ability to motivate disaffected voters to come to the polls.In November, the Democratic Governors Association blamed  Trump-mania  for the surprise victory of Tea Party favorite Matt Bevin over Attorney General Jack Conway in the race for Kentucky governor:  Unfortunately, he ran into the unexpected headwinds of Trump-mania, losing to an outsider candidate in the year of the outsider. Washington Post commentator Jonathan Capehart has warned Democrats:  Trump s support is deeper than we want to admit. And if we re really being honest, we know his support doesn t just reside within the Republican Party. Thus, Trump s  I really don t give a damn  mien could prove dangerous to a Clinton campaign that prizes control. Via: Breitbart",politics,"Dec 23, 2015"
Huge Backlash Against Hillary Clinton’s Pandering To Hispanics #NotMyAbuela,"People sense when they re being pandered to and it s no secret that Hillary Clinton is a master panderer We ve seen her in Southern states turn on the fake accent pandering to the people down there. As a Southerner, this makes me crazy! She doesn t realize we can spot a phony a mile away. Besides the pandering to hispanics by using their language she also gives me the creeps when she acts like she s America s grandma. You just know she s not a warm and fuzzy little grandma but a political hack with a shrill voice who s demanding to be crowned Queen Hillary. It s all just so fake Hillary Clinton s clumsy pandering to racial groups, and her campaign theme of portraying herself as America s Grandma-in-Chief, collided in a website post inviting Hispanic voters to think of her as their abuela, or grandmother.The mockery greeting this post #NotMyAbuela isn t the reaction Clinton s campaign was hoping for.The post is entitled  7 things Hillary Clinton has in common with your abuela.  (It was originally called  7 ways Hillary Clinton is just like your abuela,  but her tone-deaf campaign team hastily changed it after the backlash began.) Those seven things, as described by the vast army of highly-paid political consultants this particular abuela employs, include:She worries about children everywhere. Because no one else running for President worries about children.She knows what s best. (This point wins extra creepy totalitarian points by citing Clinton s enthusiasm for climate change as an example of  knowing what s best.  The climate change movement is increasingly focused on asserting that democracy ends where their theology begins, and unquestioning compliance with their demands is mandatory.)She reacts this way when people le faltan el respeto. In other words, when people fail to show respect. This probably isn t the right tack for a gazillionaire aristocrat noted for her arrogance to present herself to voters.The Clinton campaign demonstrated how she reacts to people who don t show respect with a GIF of Clinton looking exasperated at a congressional hearing   a moment from the Benghazi hearing, perhaps? Double clueless points for campaign staff if so. Too bad Clinton didn t show the men who died in Benghazi some respect, isn t it?She reads to you before bedtime. Yes, this is seriously a point the Clinton campaign thinks will sell a presidential candidate to Hispanic voters. Enjoy being patronized, folks!She isn t afraid to talk about the importance of el respecto (especially when it comes to women). Well, except for women who accuse her husband of sexual harassment or assault, that is. The example of Clinton s soaring respect for women is her lecturing Donald Trump about daring to say he  cherishes  them, which is pretty weak tea for a woman running as Feminist Numero Uno.She likes to highlight accomplishments. The example provided is a GIF of Clinton saying she has  met and worked with DREAMers.  What about all her  accomplishments  as Secretary of State?.. And she had one word for Donald Trump. The word is basta, or  enough. This couldn t be more patronizing if it had been whipped up by Trump s campaign as a phony website to make Hillary Clinton look bad.Via: Breitbart",politics,"Dec 23, 2015"
#BlackLivesMatterTerrorists Shut Down Kids Visits With Santa At Mall…Attempt To Shut Down Major Airport In MN,"These poor kids have probably practiced for months for this performance, only to have it cancelled by a bunch of low life terrorists:The Minnetonka West MS 8th grade choir was scheduled to sing in the rotunda of the #MOA. They cancelled their performance. #BLM protest  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015As if locking 8th graders out of their Christmas concert for shoppers wasn t enough, this group of terrorists had to shut down Santa s booth as well. What a shameful group of losers Santa is closing up shop.Repeat: Santa is closing up shop. #MOA #BLM Protest https://t.co/GPFBcMzylv  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015Santa & his helpers will temporarily stop working 2. Sorry shoppers, no pics till after #BlackLivesMatter demo over. pic.twitter.com/VNSRoia9qG  Doualy Xaykaothao (@DoualyX) December 23, 2015The mall warned these punks they were not welcome on the premises.Announcement saying it is unlawful to protest, inside #MOA or in parking ramps. #BLM #BlackXmas2 pic.twitter.com/RqzLiD3Ktz  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015So the cops came:Shoppers, workers prevented from entering on east ramp, East side of #mallofamerica. Via @MPRnews pic.twitter.com/70G3dOLspx  Doualy Xaykaothao (@DoualyX) December 23, 2015Escalators were closed:Escalators have been shut down. #MOA #BLM protest #blackxmas2 pic.twitter.com/dzOpCP9lDh  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015And then there are these pathetic progressives, who according the person tweeting, are holiday travelers condoning the #BlackLivesMatterTerrorists shutting down the airport:Crowd cheering and chanting to let more protesters further into the airport #BlackXmas #Justice4Jamar pic.twitter.com/wXHgxXcBRE  Brandon Long (@BLongStPaul) December 23, 2015",politics,"Dec 23, 2015"
WHO NEEDS DEMOCRATS? GOP Consultant Says Establishment Needs To “Put a bullet” In Trump’s Head,"No wonder we ve had the worst Democrat President in the history of the United States for 7 long years!GOP Consultant Rick Wilson says GOP establishment needs to  put a bullet  in Trump s head.Wilson has also hurled insults at Trump supporters the past few months.Breitbart reported: On Tuesday evening, establishment Republican consultant Rick Wilson said the GOP establishment donor class must find a way to  put a bullet  in GOP frontrunner Donald Trump.In an interview with MSNBC s Chris Hayes, Wilson conceded that  Trump is still a very powerful force right now  because he appeals to part of the of the conservative base that Wilson said was activated by his  nativist  message. Wilson insisted that the donor class  can t just sit back on the sidelines and say,  oh well, don t worry, this will all work itself out. They re still going to have to go out and put a bullet in Donald Trump,  Wilson said.  And that s a fact. Republican establishment figures who have underestimated Trump since he entered the race are reportedly looking to raise millions to try to derail Trump and knock him out of the race. Wilson added that the Republican establishment must figure out a way to find a candidate who can successfully  post up  against Hillary Clinton because  neither Donald Trump or Ben Carson is ready to go up against the Clinton machine. Wilson claimed that Trump and Carson are  obviously not ready for primetime. During a September CNN interview, Wilson told Erin Burnett that Trump could  eat a live baby on television  and Trump s supporters  would think it s the greatest thing in America.  He has also demeaned Trump s supporters as  low-information  rubes and has likened them to  post-rational  conspiracy theorists.In an interview with CNN s Don Lemon, Wilson said Trump s message  doesn t have to make sense  for his supporters to back him and compared Trump to someone who is a conspiracy theorist like  your cranky uncle at Thanksgiving  who always has a theory about the Bilderbergers or the World Bank, or the IMF, or the Trilateral Commission. Today Rick Wilson attacked Ann Coulter for supporting Donald Trump. Via: Gateway Pundit",politics,"Dec 23, 2015"
AWESOME! Conservative Women Speak Up About What They Like In A Politician [Video],"No matter what candidate you re supporting, this is a great example of what Americans REALLY want in a leader. Just listen to these women and you ll hear that they want honesty and strength in our next president. This video was recorded at the Grand Rapids, MI Trump Rally: (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Women like Donald Trump at Grand Rapids, Michigan rallyWomen like Donald Trump at Grand Rapids, Michigan rallyPosted by The American Mirror on Tuesday, 22 December 2015",politics,"Dec 23, 2015"
BLACK LIVES MATTER TERRORISTS May Be Shut Down: Mall Of America Files Restraining Order,"ter ror ist  ter r st/ noun a person who uses terrorism in the pursuit of political aims. synonyms: extremist, fanatic; revolutionary, radical, insurgent, guerrilla, anarchist, freedom fighter; bomber, gunman, assassin, hijacker, arsonist, incendiaryThe Mall of America has requested a temporary restraining order against Black Lives Matter leaders in the hopes of heading off a protest intended to shut down the shopping center during the busiest shopping day of the Christmas season.From KARE11.com: MINNEAPOLIS   The Mall of America has filed for a restraining order against leaders of Black Lives Matter (BLM) in an attempt to head off a protest scheduled for one of the busiest shopping days of the year.The legal documents, filed in Hennepin County Court, name BLM leaders Michael McDowell, Miski Noor, Lena Gardner, Kandace Montgomery and four others named only as John Does 1 through 4 as defendants. The request for the temporary restraining order says BLM has been using its Facebook and Twitter pages to promote a demonstration at the Mall of America s East Rotunda at 1 p.m. on December 23, 2015.In asking for a restraining order, attorneys for MOA point to a similar protest held on December 20, 2014 involving approximately 1,000 protesters inside the mall. A number of the demonstrators were arrested and charged with trespassing. The legal action maintains that MOA and its tenants suffered irreparable harm, including reduced guests and sales. The mall says traffic counts for the number of cars entering parking ramps on that day were down 15 percent from statistics from the previous five years, which translates into 24,000 fewer shoppers. Mall attorneys maintain that many retailers reported double digit decreases in sales on December 20,2014, the date of that demonstration. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Dec 23, 2015"
IS TRUMP A RACIST? Famous Italian-American “Gets It” With This Epic Response [Video],Robert Davi gives a great answer to Neil Cavuto s question: Is Trump a racist? ,politics,"Dec 22, 2015"
MEDIA IGNORES POST ON FACEBOOK From Man Who Threatened To Blow Up CA Mosque: “Hillary Would Make A Great President”,"Of course in their blind rage for the conservative Right, the media did everything in their power to blame this sick person s actions on who else the GOP frontrunner and one of the Tea Party favorites, Donald J. Trump The mainstream media are reporting that a Bay Area plumber who allegedly planned to bomb a California mosque was a Donald Trump supporter though he explicitly supported Hillary Clinton.On Sunday, police arrested 55-year-old William Celli  on suspicion of possessing an explosive device and making criminal threats,  CBS San Francisco reported. A bomb squad detonated a device at his house. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) cheered the arrest.CBS elaborated further:  On Facebook, Celli repeatedly praised Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, whose plan to bar any Muslims from entering the United States has drawn criticism even as he continues to rise in the polls. The Huffington Post and other left-wing sites played up Celli s support of Trump, implying that Trump was responsible for  propelling  bigotry and  white domestic terrorism  into the  mainstream  of political debate.What the media left out, however, is that Celli also praised Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton.In one post, Celli wrote:  Hillary Would make a great president. If she would commit to what she is hiding. But she has to crucify the president. Then her run for the White house is over. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Dec 22, 2015"
FOX News Just Announced Moderators For Next GOP Debate…This Could Be YUGE!,"Will Megyn Kelly be working towards a  gotcha moment  that has the press talking about her the next day, or will she focus on more serious issues facing Americans? Fox News  Megyn Kelly will moderate her second GOP presidential primary debate on Jan. 28, just days before the Iowa caucuses, the network announced Monday.The seventh scheduled showdown between the GOP candidates, which will be held at the Iowa Events Center in Des Moines, will air at 9:00 p.m. EST.The network hasn t explained yet how candidates can qualify to participate in the last debate before the Iowa caucuses.Fox s Bret Baier and Chris Wallace will also return for a second time to moderate along with Kelly. The three anchors moderated the first GOP debate on Aug. 6, which ended with Trump accusing Kelly of unfair treatment. Via: Washington Examiner",politics,"Dec 22, 2015"
OBAMA WARNS: Crackdown On Terrorism In U.S. Would Violate Iran Deal,"Never mind that Iran continues to violate Obama s lopsided deal Senior Obama administration officials are expressing concern that congressional attempts to tighten laws preventing terrorists from entering the United States could violate the Iran nuclear agreement and prompt Tehran to walk away from the agreement.Congress is considering measures that would tighten the Visa Waiver Program to make it harder for potential terrorists to legally enter the United States by increasing restrictions on individuals who have travelled to countries with prominent terrorist organizations from bypassing security checks upon entering the United States.Iranian officials have in recent days repeatedly issued threatening statements to the Obama administration, saying that such moves would violate the nuclear agreement, and the Obama administration last week conveyed the Iranian anger to American lawmakers.Stephen Mull, the State Department official in charge of implementing the Iran deal, warned the Senate Foreign Relations Committee late last week that these congressional efforts  could have a very negative impact on the deal. Under the revised law, which came in the week of a deadly terrorist attack in California, individuals who have travelled to Iran a lead sponsor of global terrorism would no longer be eligible to participate in the Visa Waiver Program, which permits individuals from 38 partner nations to more easily enter the United States.Congress remains concerned that gaps in the program could prevent federal law enforcement officials from detecting terror-tied individuals before they are granted entrance to U.S. soil.However, a portion of the Iran nuclear deal mandates that the United States not take any action that could harm Iran s economic relationships with other countries. Iranian officials maintain that the new restrictions violate this passage of the deal.Ali Larijani, the speaker of Iran s parliament, said last week that these tightened measures  are aimed at harassment  and that they  blatantly violate the nuclear agreement,  according to comments carried by the Iranian state-controlled press.Larijani warned that this action will detonate the deal before it has even been implemented. If the Americans pursue the plan, they will destroy an achievement with their own hands since it is against the [nuclear deal] and it will trouble them,  he warned.Rep. Chris Murphy (D., Conn.) echoed these concerns last week when he questioned Mull during a Senate hearing.Visa waiver reform efforts include  a naming of Iran such that individuals who have travelled to Iran will no loner be eligible for the visa waiver program,  Murphy said.  There has been a suggestion because there is an element of the agreement that obligates us to not to take steps that would stop economic relations between other nations and Iran that we could perhaps be in jeopardy of breaching the agreement. Mull agreed with this assessment. I have heard from very senior, and Secretary [of State John] Kerry has as well, from very senior officials of differing European allies of ours that it could have a very negative impact on the deal,  he said.Sources working with Congress on the Iran deal criticized the Obama administration for attempting to stymie increased action on terrorism due to its desire to preserve the nuclear deal. According to the Obama administration s latest interpretation, the nuclear deal allows Iran to test ballistic missiles in violation of international law, but does not allow Congress to prevent terrorists from coming into the United States,  Omri Ceren, the managing director of press and strategy at The Israel Project, a D.C.-based organization that works with journalists on Middle East issues, told the Washington Free Beacon.Seyed Araqchi, Iran s deputy foreign minister, also warned that Iran is prepared to  take action  against the United States for implementing visa restrictions.Iran s latest threat to break the deal comes amid numerous Iranian provocations, including multiple tests of advanced ballistic missiles, acts prohibited under United Nations Security Council resolutions.The Obama administration repeatedly said that, while it does not agree with those launches, they do not violate the nuclear deal.Via: WFB",politics,"Dec 21, 2015"
"MOST AWKARD MOMENT EVER: 6 Months After Trump Sells Miss Universe Pageant, Host Announces He Named Wrong Winner, Takes Back Crown [VIDEO]","A painfully awkward and heartbreaking moment for the contestants and the audience members. Trump says this never would have happened if he still owned the pageant LAS VEGAS   The Miss Universe contestant from the Philippines is this year s winner, but for one brief moment Sunday evening, it appeared as if it might be a repeat win for Colombia.https://youtu.be/nmqAjr0xs04Colombia contestant Ariadna Gutierrez Arevalo was already wearing the crown as this year s Miss Universe when host Steve Harvey returned to apologize.Harvey said it was his mistake and that he would take responsibility for not correctly reading the card, which said that contestant Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach of the Philippines was this year s winner and Colombia was actually the first runner-up.He held up the card for Fox network cameras to see up close afterward. Talking with reporters afterward, Harvey and an executive for pageant owner WME-IMG called it human error. Nobody feels worse about this than me,  he said.A mystified Wurtzbach appeared stunned as she walked to the front of the stage alongside the crown-wearing Gutierrez before last year s Miss Universe from Colombia removed the crown and placed it on Wurtzbach s head.Wurtzbach later said she felt conflicting emotions as the mistake happened: joy when she was told she had indeed won, concern for Gutierrez and confusion at the whole situation.Wurtzbach said she tried to approach Gutierrez onstage afterward but the Colombian was crying and surrounded by a crowd of women. She said she realized it was  probably bad timing. I did not take the crown from her,  Wurtzbach told reporters after the pageant concluded, saying she wished the contestant from Colombia well and hoped the Latin American community understands that  none of this was my fault. None of this was done on purpose. It was an honest mistake,  she said, apologizing on behalf of the organization she now represents. She said Harvey told her afterward that she  should just enjoy the moment. Harvey also apologized on Twitter, but at first misspelled the home countries of both contestants before also fixing that. I d like to apologize wholeheartedly to Miss Colombia & Miss Philippines for my huge mistake,  he wrote.  I feel terrible. NBCUniversal and Trump co-owned the Miss Universe Organization until earlier this year. The real estate developer offended Hispanics in June when he made anti-immigrant remarks in announcing his Republican presidential run.That led Spanish-language network Univision to pull out of the broadcast for what would have been the first of five years airing the pageants and NBC to cut business ties with Trump.The former star of the  Celebrity Apprentice  reality show sued both companies, settling with NBC in September, which included buying the network s stake in the pageants.That same month, Trump sold the organization that includes the Miss Universe, Miss USA and Miss Teen USA pageants to entertainment company WME-IMG. Via: NY Post ",politics,"Dec 21, 2015"
Will Hillary Clinton Return The Artifacts She Took When Leaving The White House?,"What the heck! Hillary and Bill really are the grifters I ve always said they were. Here s proof:Hillary Clinton bristled during Saturday s Democratic debate when she was asked about her role as First Lady, which put her in charge of the Clinton administration s White House floral and dining arrangements.But perhaps this Christmas season Clinton could actually return some of the items that she and her husband walked off with during their departure in 2001.As the White House s keyboards were losing their  W  buttons, so too was the First Lady making off with an historic haul in the form of gifts and presents from friends. Some actual White House artifacts ended up being part of the loot, according to Sally Bedell Smith, author of the 2007 book, For Love Of Politics. [The Clintons ] financial-disclosure forms revealed that they walked away with $190,027 worth of furniture, china, flatware, art, and other gifts, nearly half of it acquired in their final year. It also turned out that they took some property that actually belonged to the permanent White House collection. How did Clinton obtain these gifts, despite the fact that she was legally banned, as a United States Senator, from taking gifts over $50?She took advantage of her status as First Lady to get around the rules, and claimed that she got the gifts at White House during Christmas time, days before she was sworn in to the Senate.The Associated Press reported in 2001 that  as A Senator, Mrs. Clinton Is Prohibited From Accepting Most Gifts Worth More Than $50. But Since The Presents Arrived While She Still Was First Lady, No Such Limit Applied. Read more: Breitbart",politics,"Dec 21, 2015"
EPIC BACKFIRE: The Left Makes Video Warning Followers About Possible Cruz Victory…Ends Up Looking Like Cruz Promo,"Does anyone remember a time in recent history that candidates in the Republican party caused so many hissy fits by the Left?// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Is Ted Cruz Scarier than Donald Trump?Trump may get the headlines, but Ted Cruz has got the game.Posted by AJ+ on Friday, 18 December 2015h/t Gerald Ewing",politics,"Dec 20, 2015"
FLESH EATING DISEASE IN AMERICA? Yep…Syrian Refugees May Be Bringing Disease With Them,"And here we thought terrorism was the only thing we needed to be concerned about There is a risk that Middle Eastern refugees entering the U. S .  could be infected with a flesh-eating disease that is sweeping across Syria.Health agencies confirmed that Syrian refugees have transported leishmaniasis to Lebanon and Turkey, where it has been difficult to manage and treat.Compounding the problem,  patients can be infected with  the parasitic disease  without showing symptoms for weeks, months, or even years,  and  an asymptomatic patient most likely doesn t know that he or she is a carrier. This means the health screening process for refugees could miss the disease entirely .Breitbart Jerusalem spoke with healthcare experts, including an epidemiologist from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC s Immigrant, Refugee, and Migrant Health Branch, which is responsible for guiding the medical screening of the Syrian refugees seeking to enter the U.S.Volcano-like ulcersLeishmaniasis is a disease caused by protozoan parasites. It is spread almost entirely by sandflies, including those present in the U.S.There are three main types of the disease: cutaneous, mucocutaneous, and visceral leishmaniasis.Cutaneous is the most common form among Syrians. It manifests in skin sores  that typically develop within a few weeks or months of a sand fly bite. The sores can initially appear as bumps or nodules and may evolve into volcano-like ulcers.Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis causes skin ulcers like the cutaneous form ,  as well as mucosal ulcers  that usually damage the nose and mouth.Visceral leishmaniasis, which has also been found among Syrian refugees, is the most serious form and can be fatal. It damages internal organs, usually the spleen and liver, and also affects bone marrow.Refugees transmit to Lebanon, Turkey; threat to Europe, U.S. L ast year, the CDC published a study of a September 2012 outbreak among Syrian refugees. The investigation found:Fifty-nine percent of patients had more than one of the following: disease compromising the function of vital sensory organs (eye, ear, nose, and mouth) (27%); lesions of greater than 5 cm in diameter (49%); disfiguring facial lesions (37%); special forms, such as sporotrichoid or lymphangietic with satellite lesions (9%); and lesions present for more than 12 months  duration.Earlier this month, the news media hyped a story that the Islamic State was causing the spread of leishmaniasis, because     as the U . K . s Mirror newspaper put it  -  militants were  slaughtering innocent people and dumping their bodies in the street. L eishmaniasis has been spreading like wildfire in Syria since the health system collapsed in rebel-held territories in 2011. By 2012, there were already 52,982 documented cases of the disease in SyriaAlso in 2012, the CDC documented that  migration patterns of refugees with cutaneous leishmanias is were identified in Lebanon,  with the health agency producing a helpful illustration showing the disease s  movement from cities in Syria to regions in Lebanon. The peer-reviewed medical journal Pathogens noted that  Lebanon had no cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis prior to 2008 and only  sporadic cases in the following years. After the arrival of refugees, 1,033 cases were confirmed by 2012,  96.6% (998) of which were among Syrian refugees.  Writing at AHC Media, a publication for healthcare professionals, Dr. Philip R. Fischer, Professor of Pediatrics at the Mayo Clinic, documented the spread to Turkey as well: As Syrians leave their homeland, they sometimes carry their germs with them. There have been dramatic increases in the number of cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis in southeastern Turkey. In Turkey, 69% of cutaneous leishmaniasis patients are Syrians living in tent cities.Fischer also noted a significant risk of the disease spreading to Europe with the arrival of Syrian refugees.As recent news reports have shown ,  many  Syrian refuges don t stay in Turkey and Lebanon. There is a significant risk that cutaneous leishmaniasis will reemerge in southern Europe,  where the natural vector of  the  L. tropica parasite already exists.Leishmaniasis has been endemic to Syria for centuries. Fischer noted that in 1756 a British physician  referred to the illness as Aleppo boil and Aleppo evil.  However, it was minimized over time due to the advent of insecticides.Medical screeningRefugees who enter the U.S. must undergo medical screening according to protocols established by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC. Each refugee must submit to a physical examination,  including a skin test and possibly a chest x-ray  to check for tuberculosis, as well as a blood test for syphilis.The blood tests do not currently look for leishmani a sis. Clearly,  an attending doctor  could easily spot a patient with obvious skin ulcers. However, leishmani a sis cannot be detected upon physical examination if the patient is asymptomatic, as can be the case for years.Dr. Heather Burke, an epidemiologist from the CDC s Immigrant, Refugee, and Migrant Health Branch, explained to Breitbart News that there is generally a window of three to six months from the initial physical examination until a refugee departs for the U.S.She said a medical examination is valid for six months, and  explained that patients undergo a second examination just prior to departure -  a quicker  fitness to fly  screening. While she conceded  that this final examination is not thorough, she said it would pick up any visible skin lesions. Burke told Brei tbart Jerusalem that she is not aware of a single case of leishmaniasis entering the U.S. via Syrian refugees.Dr. Jane Orient, executive director of the  Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, warned that  most doctors in the U.S. know nothing about leishmaniasis. We d all need to refer patients to tropical diseases specialists,  she told Breitbart Jerusalem.  The treatments are toxic and expensive, and some are not widely available. For Orient, the only sensible public health policy is  for all refugees to pass through a quarantined place like Ellis Island. Officials need to know where they ve been and what diseases occur there. We need sophisticated, reliable screening methods and excellent vector control in any areas where refugees stay. Via: Breitbart News",politics,"Dec 20, 2015"
Left Wing Hack George Stephanopoulos Picks A Fight With Trump…Guess Who Comes Out On Top [Video],This is fun! George Stephanopoulos tries his best to hammer Trump in an interview this morning but comes out on the losing end. ,politics,"Dec 20, 2015"
Mostly White Group Of Boston College Students Sing Christmas Carols About Racism: ‘Walking Through a White Man’s Wonderland’,"What Catholic college campus would be complete without students who bastardize the lyrics to songs about the birth of Jesus Christ Tis the season to protest, apparently.A group of Boston College student  activists  that go by  Eradicate Boston College Racism  recently perverted the Christmas carol  Walking in a Winter Wonderland  to fit its  Twelve Days of BC Racism campaign,  Boston.com reports.The students distributed lyrics to their re-worked carol and attempted to deliver their rendition to the college s board of trustees during a luncheon Friday, Dec. 5. Rejected, they resorted to singing in the atrium in front of the building. And now we carol for accountability!  the group posted to Twitter Dec. 4, along with a video of their stunt.And now we carol for accountability! #12Days #BostonCollegeRacism #CJBC @bostoncollege pic.twitter.com/7DKuoONzhX  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 4, 2015Here are the lyrics to the song that is being sung by a mostly white chorus:Dear Trustees Are you listenin ? A real plan You are missin . Until you agree, And change we do see, We re walking through a white man s wonderland.Gone away, is our patience. Here to stay: demonstration. Deas tell us to trust But we know we must Keep walkin  through a white man s wonderland.In your meeting you can do some planning, Decide how you ll get us to settle down. If you say,  There s no problem.  We ll say,  No, Man? Try living on this campus If you re brown. More bad press You ll inspire If reforms, you do mire In mounds of red tape. You ll never escape. You re walkin  through a white man s wonderland. At the end of the demonstration, the members read a  wish list  for the board, which asked that a faculty member of color, a staff member of color, and a student of color be added to the board and given voting power,  Boston.com reports.Eradicate Boston College Racism s webpage also detailed the confrontation. After being denied permission to address the Board directly, students sang anti-racist carols from outside the doors to the luncheon in Gasson Hall 100 and presented three demands: 1. One voting student of color on the board, one faculty, one staff; 2. An action plan to address institutional racism supported by a budget (similar to those created at Yale University or Brown University); and 3. The presentation of the plan by representatives of the University at a Town Hall on January 19th, 2016 (the deadline set forth previously by the Executive Council of the Undergraduate Government of Boston College),  according to the site.""White emotional fragility has long been prioritized over black pain & anger in the American public sphere""#BCRacism https://t.co/6bloXu79v9  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 17, 2015No Leftist group in their right mind would ignore the incoming class of Freshman. Here, the Eradicate BC Racism group sends out a tweet in hopes of getting a jump on indoctrinating the young and malleable minds who ve been accepted to this prestigious Catholic college:Hey #BC2020, congrats on your early acceptance! If you choose to attend, we hope you'll join our work to eradicate #BostonCollegeRacism!  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 17, 2015The Left has managed to find a way to tie phony  climate change  to racism. What protest about  racism  would be complete without addressing  climate change? .@BClimateJustice ""what many have received as the issue of our time:a 21 century color line drawn by climate change"" https://t.co/jrfRIorwpz  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 14, 2015The racial justice warriors also posted a video and full text of a speech delivered by student Kwesi Aaron, as well as links to its other  Christmas  celebrations, including  BCPD is Comin  to Town,   Come All Ye Faithful,   I m Dreaming of Whiteness in Academia,   We Wish You a Day of Raciam (sic) Healing & White Accountability,   Have Yourself a Bureaucratic Christmas,   Roasting Admissions on an Open Fire,  Leahy Baby, Slip a Present Under the Tree, For Me,  and  It s Beginning to Look a Lot Like Justice. Via: EAG News",politics,"Dec 20, 2015"
What A Joke! Hillary Clinton Goes Missing During Dem Debate: “Sorry” [Video],"Hillary Clinton has a habit of going missing during debates she did this during the last debate. Is she so special that she doesn t need to think of the time? For all 12 people actually watching this farce last night, it was a pretty awkward moment: ",politics,"Dec 20, 2015"
No Kidding! Hillary Clinton Campaign Funding The Broke Democratic National Committee,"Isn t it a conflict of interest that Clinton is giving money to the DNC? Ya think!Thanks to Breitbart News for finding an email that exposes the money transfer from the Clinton Campaign to the DNC. The DNC hasn t responded so it would be a great idea to get a Freedom of Information request to see just how much is bring funded to the party since they re $8 million in debt. Yes, the DNC is asking taxpayers to fund their convention no kidding!The Hillary Clinton campaign is quietly making cash transfers to the Democratic National Committee (DNC) to fund state party efforts in the South. Hillary Clinton s deputy national political director Brynne Craig, 30, sent money to a state party chairman. Craig assures the chairman that the Clinton campaign will be making another  transfer  to the DNC. Then Craig said she would  follow up to let you know the amount that is transferred. The email sheds new light on the relationship between the financially insolvent DNC, led by Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and the Clinton campaign. The Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% camp is suing the DNC in federal court ahead of Saturday night s debate in Goffstown, New Hampshire after the DNC banned the Sanders camp from its voter targeting data after it accessed data on Hillary Clinton voters, which was originally supposed to be shared over all of the Democratic campaigns.The Clinton campaign is clearly gearing up for the Southern Democratic Party s vaunted  SEC primary  in March, where Hillary Clinton lost her lead for the nomination in 2008 to then-Senator Barack Obama.Asked to comment, the Clinton campaign did not immediately respond with an answer that provides information about how much money the Clinton campaign transfers to the DNC. The DNC also did not immediately provide that financial information.Here s the email:From: Brynne Craig <******@hillaryclinton.com> Date: November [], 2015 at **** PM CST (To: [] Cc: Richard McDaniel <*********@hillaryclinton.com>, Charles Olivier <********@hillaryclinton.com> Subject: Next Week {}   I hope this email finds you well. Happy early Thanksgiving! I wanted to check in since December is quickly approaching. We are planning to do another transfer to the DNC on December 1st. We will follow up to let you know the amount that is transferred. Please let us know if you have any questions. Thanks, BrynneVia: Breitbart News",politics,"Dec 20, 2015"
SWEDEN IS ON BRINK OF COLLAPSE… Gun Purchases Are Way Up…Pepper Spray Selling Out…Muslims Beating Non-Muslims On Streets,"The politically correct country of Sweden paying a very big price for their kindness, generosity and open-borders policy This attack happened in Norrmalmstorg, Stockholm. The two Swedes told them not to vandalize flowerpots   and as a response they got beaten up for it.https://youtu.be/Rsn_1TO1kMUThis is indeed the future of Europe. By their irresponsible, short-sighted, suicidal immigration and refugee policies, Europe s political and media elites have ensured a future of violence, bloodshed and chaos for their people. Sweden, the future of Europe: people stock up on fire arms, police recommend vigilante groups ,  by Nicolai Sennels, 10News.dk, December 12, 2015 (thanks to TheReligionofPeace.com):This is a very interesting read, because the whole of Europe is heading the same way as Sweden. Sweden is, so to speak, the future of Europe. And in this future, those who can afford it pay security companies   the rest gest license for firearms and forms vigilante groups. via: Pamela Gellar You have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places.    Salesman for alarm systems.Since Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by over 300% and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.The violence at the hands of Muslim migrants  is nothing new to Sweden. This horrific video was published in 2013:Many Swedes see the mass immigration as a forced marriage: Sweden is forced to marry a man she did not choose, yet she is expected to love and honor him, even though he beats her and treats her badly. Her parents (the government) tell her to be warm and show solidarity with him. Are the State and I now in agreement that our mutual contract is being renegotiated?    Alexandra von Schwerin, whose farm who was robbed three times. Police refused to help.Once upon a time, there was a safe welfare state called Sweden, where people rarely locked their doors.Now, this country is a night-watchman state   each man is on his own. When the Minister of Justice, Morgan Johansson, encourages breaking the law, it means opening the gates to anarchy. Mr. and Mrs. Swede have every reason to be worried, with the influx of 190,000 unskilled and unemployed migrants expected this year   equivalent to 2% of Sweden s current population. The number is as if 6.4 million penniless migrants who did not speak English arrived in U.S. in one year, or 1.3 million in Britain.And the Swedes are preparing: demand for firearms licenses is increasing; more and more Swedes are joining shooting clubs and starting vigilante groups. After a slight dip in 2014, the number of new gun permits has gone up significantly again this year. According to police statistics, there are 1,901,325 licensed guns, owned by 567,733 people, in Sweden. Add to this an unknown number of illegal weapons. To get a gun permit in Sweden, you need to be at least 18 years old; law-abiding; well-behaved, and have a hunting license or be a member of an approved shooting club. In 2014, 11,000 people got a hunting license: 10% more than the year before. One out of five was a woman. There is also a high demand for alarm systems right now,  says a salesman at one of the security companies in an interview with Gatestone. It is largely due to the turbulence we are seeing around the country at the moment.  People have lost confidence in the State, he added.  The police will not come anymore. Truck drivers say that when they see a thief emptying the fuel tank of their trucks, they run out with a baseball bat. It is no use calling the police, but if you hit the thief, you can at least prevent him from stealing more diesel. Many homeowners say the same thing: they sleep with a baseball bat under the bed. But this is risky: the police can then say you have been prepared to use force, and that might backfire on you. The salesman, who asked to remain anonymous, also spoke of Sweden s many Facebook groups, in which people in different villages openly discuss how they intend to protect themselves:  Sometimes you get totally freaked out when you see what they are writing. But you have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places. One blog, detailing the consequences for the local population when an asylum facility opens, is aptly named Asylkaos ( Asylum Chaos ). There is a list of companies the reader is prompted to boycott; the blog claims these businesses encourage the transformation of Sweden to a multicultural society, and are therefore considered  hostile to Swedes. At another security company, a salesman said that every time the Immigration Service buys or rents a new housing facility, his firm is swamped with calls.  The next day,  he said,  half the village calls and wants to buy alarm systems. Ronny Fredriksson, spokesman of the security company Securitas, said that the demand for home alarm systems first exploded about six years ago, when many local police stations were shut down and police moved to the main towns. This, he said, could result in response times of several hours.  More and more people now employ the services of our security guards. Shopping malls and stores in the city come together and hire guards. We are kind of like the  local beat  cops of old. Even though Securitas makes big money from the increased need for home security alarms and security guards, Fredriksson says they also are worried about the effect on society: The problem is that we too need the police. When our guards catch a burglar or a violent person, we call the police but the response times are often very long. Sometimes, the detainees get violent and quite rowdy. On occasion, the police have told us to release the person we have apprehended, if we have his identity, because they do not have a patrol nearby. Even before the massive influx of migrants in the fall of 2015, Swedes felt a need to protect themselves   and with good reason. Since the Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by more than 300%, and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.The politicians, however, ignore the people s fear completely. It is never discussed. Instead, the people who express concern about what kind of country Sweden has become are accused of xenophobia and racism. Most likely, that is the reason more and more people are taking matters into their own hands, and protecting themselves and their families to the best of their ability.All the same, some people do not settle for that. It seems some people are trying to stop mass immigration to Sweden. Almost every day there are reports of fires being set at asylum houses. So far, miraculously, no one has been hurt.These fires are set not only by Swedes. On October 13, a 36-year-old woman living in Skellefte  was convicted of setting fire to the asylum facility in which she herself resided. The woman claimed she lit a candle and then fell asleep. Yet forensic evidence showed that a combustible fluid had been doused throughout the room, and the court found beyond a reasonable doubt that she herself had ignited the fire.The number of violent incidents at Sweden s Immigration Service facilities is now sky-high. In 2013, according to Dispatch International, at least one incident happened every day. When Gatestone Institute recently acquired the incident list for January 1, 2014 through October 29, 2015, that number had risen to 2,177 incidents of threats, violence and brawls   on average, three per day.The Swedish government, however, would apparently rather not talk about that. Foreign Minister Margot Wallstr m conceded, in an interview with the daily Dagens Nyheter that garnered international attention, that Sweden is, in fact, heading for a systemic breakdown: Most people seem to think we cannot maintain a system where perhaps 190,000 people will arrive every year. In the long run, our system will collapse. This welcome is not going to receive popular support. We want to give people who come here a worthy reception. Symptomatic of Swedish journalists, this statement was tucked away at the end of the article. The headline was about how the political party that is critical of immigration, the Sweden Democrats Party (Sverigedemokraterna), is responsible for the asylum-housing fires. But foreign media, such as The Daily Mail and Russia Today, picked up Wallstr m s warning about a systemic collapse and ran it as the urgent news it actually is.Nevertheless, in official Sweden, the imminent collapse is ignored. Instead, journalists exclusively focus on attacks by supposedly  racist  Swedes on refugee centers. To prevent new fires, the Immigration Service decided on October 28 that from now on, all asylum facilities would have secret addresses. And meager police resources will now be stretched even further   to protect asylum seekers. Police helicopters will even patrol refugee centers. But considering there are only five helicopters available, and that Sweden s landmass is 407,340 square km (157,274 square miles), this gesture is effectively empty.At a meeting with the Nordic Council in Reykjavik, Iceland, on October 27, Sweden s Prime Minister, Stefan L fven, was questioned by his Nordic colleagues about the situation in Sweden. L fven had recently said that,  We should have the option of relocating people applying for asylum in Sweden to other EU-countries. Our ability, too, has a limit. We are facing a paradigm shift.  That comment led a representative of Finland s Finns Party (Sannfinl ndarna) to wonder, with a hint of irony, how mass immigration to Sweden, which for years Swedish politicians have touted as being so profitable, has now suddenly become a burden.Another Finns Party representative, Simon Elo, pointed out that the situation in Sweden is out of control.  Sweden has great abilities, but not even the Swedes have abilities that great,  Elo said.When L fven was asked how he is dealing with the real concerns and demands of the citizenry, his answer was laconic:  Of course I understand there is concern,  L fven said.  It is not easy. But at the same time   there are 60 million people on the run. This is also about them being our fellow men, and I hope that viewpoint will prevail. The daily tabloid Expressen asked L fven about the attacks on asylum facilities. He replied,  Our communities should not be characterized by threats and violence, they should be warm and show solidarity. As if such behavior can be forced.Many Swedes see mass immigration as a forced marriage: Sweden is forced to marry a man she did not choose, yet she is expected to love and honor him even though he beats her and treats her badly. And on top of that, her parents (the government) tell her to be warm and show solidarity with him.More and more Swedish commentators are now drawing the same conclusion: that Sweden is teetering on the brink of collapse. Editorial columnist Ivar Arpi of the daily Svenska Dagbladet, wrote an astonishing article on October 26, about a woman named Alexandra von Schwerin and her husband. The couple lives on the Skarhults Estate farm in Sk ne in southern Sweden; they have been robbed three times. Most recently, they were robbed of a quad bike, a van and a car. When the police arrived, von Schwerin asked them what she should do. The police told her that they could not help her.  All our resources are on loan to the asylum reception center in Trelleborg and Malm ,  they said.  We are overloaded right now. So I suggest you get in touch with the vigilante group in Esl v. What the police had called a  vigilante group  turned out to be a group of private business owners. In 2013, after being robbed more or less every night, they had decided to come together and start patrolling the area themselves. Currently, they pay a security firm to watch their facilities. On principal, I am totally against it,  von Schwerin said.  What are the people who cannot afford private security to do? They will be unprotected. I m sure I will join, but very, very reluctantly. For the first time, I feel scared to live here now. Are the State and I now in agreement that our mutual contract is being renegotiated? Commenting on the police s encouraging people to join vigilante groups, social commentator and former Refugee Ombudsman Merit Wager wrote: So, the Swedes are supposed to arrange and pay for their own and their families  security and keep their farms from being subjected to theft, even though that has up to now been included in the social contract   for which we pay high taxes, to have police we can count on to protect us and apprehend criminals?! When did the social contract expire? October 2015? Without any notice of termination, since the tax-consuming party is not fulfilling its part of the deal? This should mean that our part of the deal   to pay taxes for public, joint services   has also become invalid? If the social contract is broken, it is broken. Then it is musical chairs (lawlessness, defenselessness, without protection), and that means that each and every one of us should pay less taxes. Ilan Sad , lawyer and social commentator, wrote about the refugee chaos at Malm  Central Train Station on the blog Det Goda Samh llet on October 27:  The authorities no longer honor the social contract.  He described four large signs on display around the station that read  Refugee? Welcome to Malm !  in four different languages. It is unclear who the sender of the message is, or, for that matter, who is in charge of the reception facility   a number of barracks by the old post office in the inner harbor. Everything is utterly confusing. It could be Malm  City or the Immigration Service, but it might as well be  Refugees Welcome,  or possibly a religious community. I think to myself that a government agency could not reasonably write like this, a correct and pertinent sign would say something like:  Asylum seekers are referred to the barracks for information and further transport.  But I am probably wrong; Malm  City is the chief suspect communicant.   The signs in and around the Central Station are symptoms of something incredibly serious: Role confusion and the decay of the constitutional state. And thus, that our authorities no longer honor the social contract. In a post called Anarchy, blogger Johan Westerholm, who is a Social Democratic Party member and a critic of the government, wrote that the Minister for Justice and Migration, Morgan Johansson, is now urging authorities to  be pragmatic  about laws and regulations (concerning asylum housing for so-called unaccompanied refugee children). Westerholm stated that this is tantamount to the government  opening the gates to anarchy : Our country is founded on law; Parliament legislates and the courts apply these. Morgan Johansson s statement and his otherwise passive approach are testimony to how this, our kind of democracy, may fade into a memory very shortly. He now laid the first brick in the building of a state that rests on other principles. Anarchism. If anarchy really does break out, it would be good to remember that there are nearly two million licensed firearms in Sweden. Sweden s shooting clubs have seen a surge in interest; many are welcoming a lot of new members lately. Via: Gatestone Institute",politics,"Dec 19, 2015"
JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO Hammers Hillary’s Foreign Policy Hypocrisy In Her Opening Statement [Video],"Judge Jeanine: I wasn t even going to do an opening statement because it s the holidays and I m generally in the Christmas spirit. But when Hillary Clinton laid out her comprehensive plan to bolster homeland security, I couldn t help myself:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>I wasn t even going to do an opening statement because it s the holidays and I m generally in the Christmas spirit. But when Hillary Clinton laid out her comprehensive plan to bolster homeland security, I couldn t help myself. #JudgeJeaninePosted by Judge Jeanine Pirro on Saturday, 19 December 2015",politics,"Dec 19, 2015"